many ruined castles standing on the edges of precipices, surrounded byblack woods, high and inaccessible.  This part of the Rhine, indeed,presents a singularly variegated landscape.  In one spot you viewrugged hills, ruined castles overlooking tremendous precipices, withthe dark Rhine rushing beneath; and on the sudden turn of a promontory,flourishing vineyards with green sloping banks and a meandering riverand populous towns occupy the scene.We travelled at the time of the vintage and heard the song of thelabourers as we glided down the stream.  Even I, depressed in mind, andmy spirits continually agitated by gloomy feelings, even I was pleased.I lay at the bottom of the boat, and as I gazed on the cloudless bluesky, I seemed to drink in a tranquillity to which I had long been astranger.  And if these were my sensations, who can describe those ofHenry?  He felt as if he had been transported to fairy-land and enjoyeda happiness seldom tasted by man.  "I have seen," he said, "the mostbeautiful scenes of my own country; I have visited the lakes of Lucerneand Uri, where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly tothe water, casting black and impenetrable shades, which would cause agloomy and mournful appearance were it not for the most verdant islandsthat believe the eye by their gay appearance; I have seen this lakeagitated by a tempest, when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water andgave you an idea of what the water-spout must be on the great ocean;and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain, where the priestand his mistress were overwhelmed by an avalanche and where their dyingvoices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind;I have seen the mountains of La Valais, and the Pays de Vaud; but thiscountry, Victor, pleases me more than all those wonders.  The mountainsof Switzerland are more majestic and strange, but there is a charm inthe banks of this divine river that I never before saw equalled.  Look