resistance on such an occasion. Your meekness will return; and you
 will have nothing for it but tears [tears despised by them all] and
 ineffectual appeals and lamentations: and these tears when the ceremony
 is profaned, you must suddenly dry up; and endeavour to dispose of
 yourself to such a humble frame of mind, as may induce your new-made
 lord to forgive all your past declarations of aversion.
 In short, my dear, you must then blandish him over with a confession,
 that all your past behaviour was maidenly reserve only: and it will be
 your part to convince him of the truth of his imprudent sarcasm, that
 the coyest maids make the fondest wives. Thus will you enter the state
 with a high sense of obligation to his forgiving goodness: and if you
 will not be kept to it by that fear, by which he proposes to govern, I
 am much mistaken.
 Yet, after all, I must leave the point undetermined, and only to be
 determined, as you find they recede from their avowed purpose, or
 resolve to remove you to your uncle Antony's. But I must repeat my
 wishes, that something may fall out, that neither of these men may call
 you his!--And may you live single, my dearest friend, till some man
 shall offer, that may be as worthy of you, as man can be!
 But yet, methinks, I would not, that you, who are so admirably qualified
 to adorn the married state, should be always single. You know I am
 incapable of flattery; and that I always speak and write the sincerest
 dictates of my heart. Nor can you, from what you must know of your
 own merit (taken only in a comparative light with others) doubt my
 sincerity. For why should a person who delight to find out and admire
 every thing that is praise-worthy in another, be supposed ignorant of
 like perfections in herself, when she could not so much admire them in
 another, if she had them not herself? And why may not I give her those
 praises, which she would give to any other, who had but half of her
 excellencies?--Especially when she is incapable of pride and vain-glory;
