much am I indebted to you! and even to your honest servant!--Under what
 obligations does my unhappy situation lay me!
 But let me answer the kind contents of it, as well as I may.
 As to getting over my disgusts to Mr. Solmes, it is impossible to
 be done; while he wants generosity, frankness of heart, benevolence,
 manners and every qualification that distinguishes the worthy man. O my
 dear! what a degree of patience, what a greatness of soul, is required
 in the wife, not to despise a husband who is more ignorant, more
 illiterate, more low-minded than herself!--The wretch, vested with
 prerogatives, who will claim rule in virtue of them (and not to permit
 whose claim, will be as disgraceful to the prescribing wife as to the
 governed husband); How shall such a husband as this be borne, were he,
 for reasons of convenience and interest, even to be our CHOICE? But,
 to be compelled to have such a one, and that compulsion to arise from
 motives as unworthy of the prescribers as of the prescribed, who can
 think of getting over an aversion so justly founded? How much easier to
 bear the temporary persecutions I labour under, because temporary, than
 to resolve to be such a man's for life? Were I to comply, must I not
 leave my relations, and go to him? A month will decide the one, perhaps:
 But what a duration of woe will the other be!--Every day, it is likely,
 rising to witness to some new breach of an altar-vowed duty!
 Then, my dear, the man seems already to be meditating vengeance against
 me for an aversion I cannot help: for yesterday my saucy gaoleress
 assured me, that all my oppositions would not signify that pinch of
 snuff, holding out her genteel finger and thumb: that I must have Mr.
 Solmes: that therefore I had not best carry my jest too far; for that
 Mr. Solmes was a man of spirit, and had told HER, that as I should
 surely be his, I acted very unpolitely; since, if he had not more mercy
 [that was her word, I know not if it were his] than I had, I might have
 cause to repent the usage I gave him to the last day of my life. But
