enough of this man; who, by what you repeat from Sir Harry Downeton,
 has all the insolence of his sex, without any one quality to make that
 insolence tolerable.
 I have receive two letters from Mr. Lovelace, since his visit to you;
 which make three that I have not answered. I doubt not his being very
 uneasy; but in his last he complains in high terms of my silence; not
 in the still small voice, or rather style of an humble lover, but in a
 style like that which would probably be used by a slighted protector.
 And his pride is again touched, that like a thief, or eves-dropper, he
 is forced to dodge about in hopes of a letter, and returns five miles
 (and then to an inconvenient lodging) without any.
 His letters and the copy of mine to him, shall soon attend you. Till
 when, I will give you the substance of what I wrote him yesterday.
 I take him severely to task for his freedom in threatening me, through
 you, with a visit to Mr. Solmes, or to my brother. I say, 'That, surely,
 I must be thought to be a creature fit to bear any thing; that violence
 and menaces from some of my own family are not enough for me to bear, in
 order to make me avoid him; but that I must have them from him too, if
 I oblige those to whom it is both my inclination and duty to oblige in
 every thing that is reasonable, and in my power.
 'Very extraordinary, I tell him, that a violent spirit shall threaten to
 do a rash and unjustifiable thing, which concerns me but a little, and
 himself a great deal, if I do not something as rash, my character and
 sex considered, to divert him from it.
 'I even hint, that, however it would affect me, were any mischief to
 happen on my own account, yet there are persons, as far as I know, who
 in my case would not think there would be reason for much regret, were
 such a committed rashness as he threatens Mr. Solmes with, to rid her of
 two persons whom, had she never known, she had never been unhappy.'
 This is plain-dealing, my dear: and I suppose he will put it into still
