a-bed, if bedtime, a little sullen nevertheless: or, if we speak, her
 silence is broken with an Ah! Nancy! You are so lively! so quick! I wish
 you were less like your papa, child!
 I pay it off with thinking, that my mother has no reason to disclaim her
 share in her Nancy: and if the matter go off with greater severity on
 her side than I wish for, then her favourite Hickman fares the worse for
 it next day.
 I know I am a saucy creature. I know, if I do not say so, you will think
 so. So no more of this just now. What I mention it for, is to tell you,
 that on this serious occasion I will omit, if I can, all that passed
 between us, that had an air of flippancy on my part, or quickness on my
 mother's, to let you into the cool and cogent of the conversation.
 'Look through the families, said she, which we both know, where the man
 and the woman have been said to marry for love; which (at the time it
 is so called) is perhaps no more than a passion begun in folly or
 thoughtlessness, and carried on from a spirit of perverseness and
 opposition [here we had a parenthetical debate, which I omit]; and see,
 if they appear to be happier than those whose principal inducement to
 marry has been convenience, or to oblige their friends; or ever whether
 they are generally so happy: for convenience and duty, where observed,
 will afford a permanent and even an increasing satisfaction (as well
 at the time, as upon the reflection) which seldom fail to reward
 themselves: while love, if love be the motive, is an idle passion' [idle
 in ONE SENSE my mother cannot say; for love is as busy as a monkey, and
 as mischievous as a school-boy]--'it is a fervour, that, like all other
 fervours, lasts but a little while after marriage; a bow overstrained,
 that soon returns to its natural bent.
 'As it is founded generally upon mere notional excellencies, which
 were unknown to the persons themselves till attributed to either by the
 other; one, two, or three months, usually sets all right on both sides;
