and then with opened eyes they think of each other--just as every body
 else thought of them before.
 'The lovers imaginaries [her own notable word!] are by that time gone
 off; nature and old habits (painfully dispensed with or concealed)
 return: disguises thrown aside, all the moles, freckles, and defects in
 the minds of each discover themselves; and 'tis well if each do not sink
 in the opinion of the other, as much below the common standard, as the
 blinded imagination of both had set them above it. And now, said she,
 the fond pair, who knew no felicity out of each other's company, are
 so far from finding the never-ending variety each had proposed in
 an unrestrained conversation with the other (when they seldom were
 together; and always parted with something to say; or, on recollection,
 when parted, wishing they had said); that they are continually on the
 wing in pursuit of amusements out of themselves; and those, concluded my
 sage mamma, [Did you think her wisdom so very modern?] will perhaps be
 the livelier to each, in which the other has no share.'
 I told my mother, that if you were to take any rash step, it would be
 owing to the indiscreet violence of your friends. I was afraid, I said,
 that these reflection upon the conduct of people in the married state,
 who might set out with better hopes, were but too well grounded: but
 that this must be allowed me, that if children weighed not these matters
 so thoroughly as they ought, neither did parents make those allowances
 for youth, inclination, and inexperience, which had been found necessary
 to be made for themselves at their children's time of life.
 I remembered a letter, I told her, hereupon, which you wrote a few
 months ago, personating an anonymous elderly lady (in Mr. Wyerley's
 day of plaguing you) to Miss Drayton's mother, who, by her severity and
 restraints, had like to have driven the young lady into the very fault
 against which her mother was most solicitous to guard her. And I dared
 to say, she would be pleased with it.
