its teeth to an edge?--You see I write like an impartial man, and as one
 that loves you still.
 But since you have displayed your talents, and spared nobody, and moved
 every body, without being moved, you have but made us stand the closer
 and firmer together. This is what I likened to an embattled phalanx,
 once before. Your aunt Hervey forbids your writing for the same reason
 that I must not countenance it. We are all afraid to see you, because we
 know we shall be made as so many fools. Nay, your mother is so afraid
 of you, that once or twice, when she thought you were coming to force
 yourself into her presence, she shut the door, and locked herself in,
 because she knew she must not see you upon your terms, and you are
 resolved you will not see her upon hers.
 Resolves but to oblige us all, my dearest Miss Clary, and you shall see
 how we will clasp you every one by turns to our rejoicing hearts. If the
 one man has not the wit, and the parts, and the person, of the other, no
 one breathing has a worse heart than that other: and is not the love
 of all your friends, and a sober man (if he be not so polished) to be
 preferred to a debauchee, though ever so fine a man to look at? You have
 such talents that you will be adored by the one: but the other has as
 much advantage in those respects, as you have yourself, and will not set
 by them one straw: for husbands are sometimes jealous of their authority
 with witty wives. You will have in one, a man of virtue. Had you not
 been so rudely affronting to him, he would have made your ears tingle
 with what he could have told you of the other.
 Come, my dear niece, let me have the honour of doing with you what no
 body else yet has been able to do. Your father, mother, and I, will
 divide the pleasure, and the honour, I will again call it, between us;
 and all past offences shall be forgiven; and Mr. Solmes, we will engage,
 shall take nothing amiss hereafter, of what has passed.
 He knows, he says, what a jewel that man will have, who can obtain your
