below that I hear open or shut.
 They have been all assembled some time, and are in close debate I
 believe: But can there be room for long debate upon a proposal, which,
 if accepted, will so effectually answer all their views?--Can they
 insist a moment longer upon my having Mr. Solmes, when they see what
 sacrifices I am ready to make, to be freed from his addresses?--Oh! but
 I suppose the struggle is, first, with Bella's nicety, to persuade her
 to accept of the estate, and of the husband; and next, with her pride,
 to take her sister's refusals, as she once phrased it!--Or, it may
 be, my brother is insisting upon equivalents for his reversion in the
 estate: and these sort of things take up but too much the attention of
 some of our family. To these, no doubt, one or both, it must be owing,
 that my proposal admits of so much consideration.
 I want, methinks, to see what Mr. Lovelace, in his letter, says. But I
 will deny myself this piece of curiosity till that which is raised by my
 present suspense is answered.--Excuse me, my dear, that I thus trouble
 you with my uncertainties: but I have no employment, nor heart, if I
 had, to pursue any other but what my pen affords me.
 MONDAY EVENING.
 Would you believe it?--Betty, by anticipation, tells me, that I am to be
 refused. I am 'a vile, artful creature. Every body is too good to me.
 My uncle Harlowe has been taken in, that's the phrase. They know how
 it would be, if he either wrote to me, or saw me. He has, however, been
 made ashamed to be so wrought upon. A pretty thing truly in the eye of
 the world it would be, were they to take me at my word! It would look
 as if they had treated me thus hardly, as I think it, for this very
 purpose. My peculiars, particularly Miss Howe, would give it that
 turn; and I myself could mean nothing by it, but to see if it would be
 accepted in order to strengthen my own arguments against Mr. Solmes. It
 was amazing, that it could admit of a moment's deliberation: that any
