thing could be supposed to be done in it. It was equally against law and
 equity: and a fine security Miss Bella would have, or Mr. Solmes, when I
 could resume it when I would!--My brother and she my heirs! O the artful
 creature!--I to resolve to live single, when Lovelace is so sure of
 me--and every where declares as much!--and can whenever he pleases,
 if my husband, claim under the will!--Then the insolence--the
 confidence--[as Betty mincingly told me, that one said; you may easily
 guess who] that she, who was so justly in disgrace for downright
 rebellion, should pretend to prescribe to the whole family!--Should name
 a husband for her elder sister!--What a triumph would her obstinacy go
 away with, to delegate her commands, not as from a prison, as she called
 it, but as from her throne, to her elders and betters; and to her father
 and mother too!--Amazing, perfectly amazing, that any body could argue
 upon such a proposal as this! It was a master-stroke of finesse--It was
 ME in perfection!--Surely my uncle Harlowe will never again be so taken
 in!'
 All this was the readier told me, because it was against me, and would
 tease and vex me. But as some of this fine recapitulation implied, that
 somebody spoke up for me. I was curious to know who it was. But Betty
 would not tell me, for fear I should have the consolation to find that
 all were not against me.
 But do you not see, my dear, what a sad creature she is whom you honour
 with your friendship?--You could not doubt your influence over me: Why
 did you not take the friendly liberty I have always taken with you,
 and tell me my faults, and what a specious hypocrite I am? For, if my
 brother and sister could make such discoveries, how is it possible, that
 faults to enormous [you could see others, you thought, of a more secret
 nature!] could escape you penetrating eye?
 Well, but now, it seems, they are debating how and by whom to answer me:
 for they know not, nor are they to know, that Mrs. Betty has told me all
