No one reveres her uncle more than I do. Nevertheless, between uncle and
 niece, excludes not such a hope: and I think I have not made a proposal
 that deserves to be treated with scorn.
 Forgive me, Sir--my heart is full. Perhaps one day you may think you
 have been prevailed upon (for that is plainly the case!) to join to
 treat me--as I do not deserve to be treated. If you are ashamed, as my
 brother hints, of having expressed any returning tenderness to me, God
 help me! I see I have no mercy to expect from any body! But, Sir, from
 your pen let me have an answer; I humbly implore it of you. Till my
 brother can recollect what belongs to a sister, I will not take from him
 no answer to the letter I wrote to you, nor any commands whatever.
 I move every body!--This, Sir, is what you are pleased to mention. But
 whom have I moved?--One person in the family has more moving ways than I
 have, or he could never so undeservedly have made every body ashamed to
 show tenderness to a poor distressed child of the same family.
 Return me not this with contempt, or torn, or unanswered, I beseech you.
 My father has a title to do that or any thing by his child: but from no
 other person in the world of your sex, Sir, ought a young creature of
 mine (while she preserves a supplicating spirit) to be so treated.
 When what I have before written in the humblest strain has met with such
 strange constructions, I am afraid that this unguarded scrawl will be
 very ill received. But I beg, Sir, you will oblige me with one line, be
 it ever so harsh, in answer to my proposal. I still think it ought to
 be attended to. I will enter into the most solemn engagements to make it
 valid by a perpetual single life. In a word, any thing I can do, I will
 do, to be restored to all your favours. More I cannot say, but that I
 am, very undeservedly,
 A most unhappy creature.
 Betty scrupled again to carry this letter; and said, she should have
 anger; and I should have it returned in scraps and bits.
