having Mr. Solmes, if I am carried to my uncle Antony's; unless I
 resolve to accept of the protection he has offered to procure me; or
 except I will escape to London, or elsewhere, while I can escape?'
 He advises me, 'To sue to your mother, for her private reception of
 me; only till I can obtain possession of my own estate, and procure my
 friends to be reconciled to me; which he is sure they will be desirous
 to be, the moment I am out of their power.'
 He apprizes me, [It is still my wonder, how he comes by this
 intelligence!] 'That my friends have written to my cousin Morden to
 represent matters to him in their own partial way; nor doubt they to
 influence him on their side of the question.
 'That all this shews I have but one way; if none of my friends or
 intimates will receive me.
 'If I will transport him with the honour of my choice of this one way,
 settlements shall be drawn, with proper blanks, which I shall fill up as
 I pleased. Let him but have my commands from my own mouth, all my doubts
 and scruples from my own lips; and only a repetition, that I will not,
 on any consideration, be Solmes's wife; and he shall be easy. But, after
 such a letter as I have written, nothing but an interview can make him
 so.' He beseeches me therefore, 'To unbolt the door, as that very night;
 or, if I receive not this time enough, this night;--and he will, in a
 disguise that shall not give suspicion who he is, if he should be seen,
 come to the garden door, in hopes to open it with his key; nor will he
 have any other lodging than in the coppice both nights; watching every
 wakeful hour for the propitious unbolting, unless he has a letter with
 my orders to the contrary, or to make some other appointment.'
 This letter was dated yesterday: so he was there last night, I suppose;
 and will be there this night; and I have not written a line to him: and
 now it is too late, were I determined what to write.
 I hope he will not go to Mr. Solmes.--I hope he will not come
