by nor herself understood the cottagers.  They made many signs which I
 did not comprehend, but I saw that her presence diffused gladness
 through the cottage, dispelling their sorrow as the sun dissipates the
 morning mists.  Felix seemed peculiarly happy and with smiles of
 delight welcomed his Arabian.  Agatha, the ever-gentle Agatha, kissed
 the hands of the lovely stranger, and pointing to her brother, made
 signs which appeared to me to mean that he had been sorrowful until she
 came.  Some hours passed thus, while they, by their countenances,
 expressed joy, the cause of which I did not comprehend.  Presently I
 found, by the frequent recurrence of some sound which the stranger
 repeated after them, that she was endeavouring to learn their language;
 and the idea instantly occurred to me that I should make use of the
 same instructions to the same end.  The stranger learned about twenty
 words at the first lesson; most of them, indeed, were those which I had
 before understood, but I profited by the others.
 "As night came on, Agatha and the Arabian retired early.  When they
 separated Felix kissed the hand of the stranger and said, 'Good night
 sweet Safie.'  He sat up much longer, conversing with his father, and
 by the frequent repetition of her name I conjectured that their lovely
 guest was the subject of their conversation.  I ardently desired to
 understand them, and bent every faculty towards that purpose, but found
 it utterly impossible.
 "The next morning Felix went out to his work, and after the usual
 occupations of Agatha were finished, the Arabian sat at the feet of the
 old man, and taking his guitar, played some airs so entrancingly
 beautiful that they at once drew tears of sorrow and delight from my
 eyes.  She sang, and her voice flowed in a rich cadence, swelling or
 dying away like a nightingale of the woods.
 "When she had finished, she gave the guitar to Agatha, who at first
 declined it.  She played a simple air, and her voice accompanied it in
