in the morning early, resolving to return again at night. Had there been
 more time for argumentation, to be sure I had not gone; but as it was,
 there was a kind of necessity that my preparation to obey her, should,
 in a manner, accompany her command.--A command so much out of the way,
 on such a solemn occasion! And this I represented: but to no purpose:
 There never was such a contradicting girl in the world--My wisdom
 always made her a fool!--But she would be obliged this time, proper or
 improper.
 I have but one way of accounting for this sudden whim of my mother; and
 that is this--She had a mind to accept of Mr. Hickman's offer to escort
 her:--and I verily believe [I wish I were quite sure of it] had a mind
 to oblige him with my company--as far as I know, to keep me out of
 worse.
 For, would you believe it?--as sure as you are alive, she is afraid for
 her favourite Hickman, because of the long visit your Lovelace, though
 so much by accident, made me in her absence, last time she was at the
 same place. I hope, my dear, you are not jealous too. But indeed I
 now-and-then, when she teases me with praises which Hickman cannot
 deserve, in return fall to praising those qualities and personalities in
 Lovelace, which the other never will have. Indeed I do love to tease a
 little bit, that I do.--My mamma's girl--I had like to have said.
 As you know she is as passionate, as I am pert, you will not wonder to
 be told, that we generally fall out on these occasions. She flies from
 me, at the long run. It would be undutiful in me to leave her first--and
 then I get an opportunity to pursue our correspondence.
 For, now I am rambling, let me tell you, that she does not much favour
 that;--for two reasons, I believe:--One, that I don't shew her all that
 passes between us; the other, that she thinks I harden your mind against
 your duty, as it is called. And with her, for a reason at home, as I
 have hinted more than once, parents cannot do wrong; children cannot
