gentlemen know nothing at all of our sex. Shall I tell you--but why
 should I? And yet I will, that if Nancy did not think well of you upon
 the main, she is too generous to treat you so freely as she does.--Don't
 you think she has courage enough to tell me, she would not see you, and
 to refuse at any time seeing you, as she knows on what account you come,
 if she had not something in her head favourable to you?--Fie! that I am
 forced to say thus much in writing, when I have hinted it to you twenty
 and twenty times by word of mouth!
 But if you are so indifferent, Mr. Hickman--if you think you can part
 with her for her skittish tricks--if my interest in your favour--Why,
 Mr. Hickman, I must tell you that my Nancy is worth bearing with. If she
 be foolish--what is that owing to?--Is it not to her wit? Let me tell
 you, Sir, you cannot have the convenience without the inconvenience.
 What workman loves not a sharp tool to work with? But is there not more
 danger from a sharp tool than from a blunt one? And what workman will
 throw away a sharp tool, because it may cut his fingers? Wit may be
 likened to a sharp tool. And there is something very pretty in wit, let
 me tell you. Often and often have I been forced to smile at her arch
 turns upon me, when I could have beat her for them. And, pray, don't I
 bear a great deal from her?--And why? because I love her. And would you
 not wish me to judge of your love for her by my own? And would not you
 bear with her?--Don't you love her (what though with another sort of
 love?) as well as I do? I do assure you, Sir, that if I thought you did
 not--Well, but it is plain that you don't!--And is it plain that you
 don't?--Well, then, you must do as you think best.
 Well might the merit of your passion be doubted, you say, if, like Mr.
 Solmes--fiddle-faddle!--Why, you are a captious man, I think!--Has Nancy
 been so plain in her repulses of you as Miss Clary Harlowe has been to
 Mr. Solmes?--Does Nancy love any man better than you, although she may
 not shew so much love to you as you wish for?--If she did, let me tell
