you, she would have let us all hear of it.--What idle comparisons then!
 But it mat be you are tired out. It may be you have seen somebody
 else--it may be you would wish to change mistresses with that gay wretch
 Mr. Lovelace. It may be too, that, in that case, Nancy would not be
 sorry to change lovers--The truly-admirable Miss Clarissa Harlowe!--Good
 lack!-but take care, Mr. Hickman, that you do not praise any woman
 living, let her be as admirable and as excellent as she will, above your
 own mistress. No polite man will do that, surely. And take care
 too, that you do not make her or me think you are in earnest in your
 anger--just though it may be, as anger only--I would not for a thousand
 pounds, that Nancy should know that you can so easily part with her, if
 you have the love for her which you declare you have. Be sure, if you
 are not absolutely determined, that you do not so much as whisper the
 contents of this your letter to your own heart, as I may say.
 Her treatment of you, you say, does no credit either to her education
 or fine sense. Very home put, truly! Nevertheless, so say I. But is not
 hers the disgrace, more than yours? I can assure you, that every body
 blames her for it. And why do they blame her?--Why? because they think
 you merit better treatment at her hands: And is not this to your credit?
 Who but pities you, and blames he? Do the servants, who, as you observe,
 see her skittish airs, disrespect you for them? Do they not, at such
 times, look concerned for you? Are they not then doubly officious in
 their respects and services to you?--I have observed, with pleasure,
 that they are.
 But you are afraid you shall be thought tame, perhaps, when married.
 That you shall not be though manly enough, I warrant!--And this was poor
 Mr. Howe's fear. And many a tug did this lordly fear cost us both, God
 knows!--Many more than needed, I am sure:--and more than ought to have
 been, had he known how to bear and forbear; as is the duty of those who
 pretend to have most sense--And, pray, which would you have to have most
