him. But a few inches of brick wall between you so lately; and now such
 mountains?--And you think to hold it?--May be so!
 You see, you say, that the temper he shewed in his letter was not
 natural to him. Wretched creepers and insinuators! Yet when opportunity
 serves, as insolent encroachers!--This very Hickman, I make no doubt,
 would be as saucy as your Lovelace, if he dared. He has not half the
 arrogant bravery of the other, and can better hide his horns; that's
 all. But whenever he has the power, depend upon it, he will butt at one
 as valiantly as the other.
 If ever I should be persuaded to have him, I shall watch how the
 obsequious lover goes off; and how the imperative husband comes upon
 him; in short, how he ascends, and how I descend, in the matrimonial
 wheel, never to take my turn again, but by fits and starts like the
 feeble struggles of a sinking state for its dying liberty.
 All good-natured men are passionate, says Mr. Lovelace. A pretty plea
 to a beloved object in the plenitude of her power! As much as to say,
 'Greatly I value you, Madam, I will not take pains to curb my passions
 to oblige you'--Methinks I should be glad to hear from Mr. Hickman such
 a plea for good nature as this.
 Indeed, we are too apt to make allowances for such tempers as early
 indulgence has made uncontroulable; and therefore habitually evil. But
 if a boisterous temper, when under obligation, is to be thus allowed
 for, what, when the tables are turned, will it expect? You know a
 husband, who, I fancy, had some of these early allowances made for him:
 and you see that neither himself nor any body else is the happier for
 The suiting of the tempers of two persons who are to come together, is
 a great matter: and there should be boundaries fixed between them, by
 consent as it were, beyond which neither should go: and each should hold
 the other to it; or there would probably be encroachment in both. To
 illustrate my assertion by a very high, and by a more manly (as some
