brave. Very true: And how extremely brave and gallant is it, that this
 brave man will free us from all insults but those which will go nearest
 to our hearts; that is to say, his own!
 How artfully has Lovelace, in the abstract you give me of one of
 his letters, calculated to your meridian! Generous spirits hate
 compulsion!--He is certainly a deeper creature by much than once we
 thought him. He knows, as you intimate, that his own wild pranks cannot
 be concealed: and so owns just enough to palliate (because it teaches
 you not to be surprised at) any new one, that may come to your ears; and
 then, truly, he is, however faulty, a mighty ingenuous man; and by no
 means an hypocrite: a character the most odious of all others, to our
 sex, in a lover, and the least to be forgiven, were it only because,
 when detected, it makes us doubt the justice of those praises which we
 are willing to believe he thought to be our due.
 By means of this supposed ingenuity, Lovelace obtains a praise, instead
 of a merited dispraise; and, like an absolved confessionaire, wipes off
 as he goes along one score, to begin another: for an eye favourable
 to him will not see his faults through a magnifying glass; nor will a
 woman, willing to hope the best, forbear to impute it to ill-will and
 prejudice all that charity can make so imputable. And if she even give
 credit to such of the unfavourable imputations as may be too flagrant
 to be doubted, she will be very apt to take in the future hope, which
 he inculcates, and which to question would be to question her own power,
 and perhaps merit: and thus may a woman be inclined to make a slight,
 even a fancied merit atone for the most glaring vice.
 I have a reason, a new one, for this preachment upon a text you have
 given me. But, till I am better informed, I will not explain myself.
 If it come out, as I shrewdly suspect it will, the man, my dear, is a
 devil; and you must rather think of--I protest I had like to have said
 Solmes than him.
