You so generously gave me liberty to chide you, that I am afraid of
 taking it, because I could sooner mistrust my own judgment, than that of
 a beloved friend, whose ingenuousness in acknowledging an imputed error
 seems to set her above the commission of a wilful one. This makes
 me half-afraid to ask you, if you think you are not too cruel, too
 ungenerous shall I say? in your behaviour to a man who loves you so
 dearly, and is so worthy and so sincere a man?
 Only it is by YOU, or I should be ashamed to be outdone in that true
 magnanimity, which makes one thankful for the wounds given by a true
 friend. I believe I was guilty of a petulance, which nothing but my
 uneasy situation can excuse; if that can. I am but almost afraid to beg
 of you, and yet I repeatedly do, to give way to that charming spirit,
 whenever it rises to your pen, which smiles, yet goes to the quick of my
 fault. What patient shall be afraid of a probe in so delicate a hand?--I
 say, I am almost afraid to pray you to give way to it, for fear you
 should, for that very reason, restrain it. For the edge may be taken
 off, if it does not make the subject of its raillery wince a little.
 Permitted or desired satire may be apt, in a generous satirist, mending
 as it rallies, to turn too soon into panegyric. Yours is intended to
 instruct; and though it bites, it pleases at the same time: no fear of a
 wound's wrankling or festering by so delicate a point as you carry;
 not envenomed by personality, not intending to expose, or ridicule, or
 exasperate. The most admired of our moderns know nothing of this art:
 Why? Because it must be founded in good nature, and directed by a right
 heart. The man, not the fault, is generally the subject of their satire:
 and were it to be just, how should it be useful; how should it answer
 any good purpose; when every gash (for their weapon is a broad sword,
 not a lancet) lets in the air of public ridicule, and exasperates where
 it should heal? Spare me not therefore because I am your friend. For
 that very reason spare me not. I may feel your edge, fine as it is. I
