When I was intrusted with the family-management, I always found it
 right, as well in policy as generosity, to repose a trust in them. Not
 to seem to expect or depend upon justice from them, is in a manner to
 bid them to take opportunities, whenever they offer, to be unjust.
 Mr. Solmes, (to expatiate on this low, but not unuseful subject,) in his
 more trifling solicitudes, would have had a sorry key-keeper in me. Were
 I mistress of a family, I would not either take to myself, or give to
 servants, the pain of keeping those I had reason to suspect. People low
 in station have often minds not sordid. Nay, I have sometimes thought,
 that (even take number for number) there are more honest low people,
 than honest high. In the one, honest is their chief pride. In the other,
 the love of power, of grandeur, of pleasure, mislead; and that and their
 ambition induce a paramount pride, which too often swallows up the more
 laudable one.
 Many of the former would scorn to deceive a confidence. But I have seen,
 among the most ignorant of their class, a susceptibility of resentment,
 if their honesty has been suspected: and have more than once been forced
 to put a servant right, whom I have heard say, that, although she valued
 herself upon her honesty, no master or mistress should suspect her for
 nothing.
 How far has the comparison I had in my head, between my friends
 treatment of me, and my treatment of the servants, carried me!--But we
 always allowed ourselves to expatiate on such subjects, whether low
 or high, as might tend to enlarge our minds, or mend our management,
 whether notional or practical, and whether such expatiating respected
 our present, or might respect our probable future situations.
 What I was principally leading to, was to tell you how ingenious I am in
 my contrivances and pretences to blind my gaoleress, and to take off the
 jealousy of her principals on my going down so often into the garden and
 poultry-yard. People suspiciously treated are never I believe at a loss
