creature, you tell me.--Let me know what sort of a girl she is.--A sweet
 pretty girl! you say. A sweet pretty girl, my dear!--They are sweet
 pretty words from your pen. But are they yours or his of her?--If she be
 so simple, if she have ease and nature in her manner, in her speech, and
 warbles prettily her wild notes, why, such a girl as that must
 engage such a profligate wretch, (as now indeed I doubt this man is,)
 accustomed, perhaps, to town women, and their confident ways.--Must
 deeply and for a long season engage him: since perhaps when her
 innocence is departed, she will endeavour by art to supply the loss of
 the natural charms which now engage him.
 Fine hopes of such a wretch's reformation! I would not, my dear, for the
 world, have any thing to say--but I need not make resolutions. I have
 not opened, nor will I open, his letter.--A sycophant creature!--With
 his hoarsenesses--got perhaps by a midnight revel, singing to his wild
 note singer, and only increased in the coppice!
 To be already on a footing!--In his esteem, I mean: for myself, I
 despise him. I hate myself almost for writing so much about him, and of
 such a simpleton as this sweet pretty girl as you call her: but no one
 can be either sweet or pretty, that is not modest, that is not virtuous.
 And now, my dear, I will tell you how I came to put you upon this
 inquiry.
 This vile Joseph Leman had given a hint to Betty, and she to me, as if
 Lovelace would be found out to be a very bad man, at a place where he
 had been lately seen in disguise. But he would see further, he said,
 before he told her more; and she promised secrecy, in hope to get at
 further intelligence. I thought it could be no harm, to get you to
 inform yourself, and me, of what could be gathered.* And now I see, his
 enemies are but too well warranted in their reports of him: and, if the
 ruin of this poor young creature be his aim, and if he had not known her
 but for his visits to Harlowe-place, I shall have reason to be doubly
