LETTER XXIX
 MISS CLARISSA HARLOWE, TO MISS HOWE SATURDAY, APRIL 1.
 Hasty censures do indeed subject themselves to the charge of
 variableness and inconsistency in judgment: and so they ought; for,
 if you, even you, my dear, were so loth to own a mistake, as in the
 instance before us you pretend you were, I believe I should not have
 loved you so well as I really do love you. Nor could you, in that case,
 have so frankly thrown the reflection I hint at upon yourself, have not
 your mind been one of the most ingenuous that ever woman boasted.
 Mr. Lovelace has faults enow to deserve very severe censure, although
 he be not guilty of this. If I were upon such terms with him as he could
 wish me to be, I should give him such a hint, that this treacherous
 Joseph Leman cannot be so much attached to him, as perhaps he thinks
 him to be. If it were, he would not have been so ready to report to his
 disadvantage (and to Betty Barnes too) this slight affair of the pretty
 rustic. Joseph has engaged Betty to secrecy; promising to let her, and
 her young master, to know more, when he knows the whole of the matter:
 and this hinders her from mentioning it, as she is nevertheless agog to
 do, to my sister or brother. And then she does not choose to disoblige
 Joseph; for although she pretends to look above him, she listens, I
 believe, to some love-stories he tells her.
 Women having it not in their power to begin a courtship, some of them
 very frequently, I believe, lend an ear where their hearts incline not.
 But to say no more of these low people, neither of whom I think
 tolerably of; I must needs own, that as I should for ever have despised
 this man, had he been capable of such a vile intrigue in his way to
 Harlowe-place, and as I believe he was capable of it, it has indeed [I
 own it has] proportionably engaged my generosity, as you call it, in his
 favour: perhaps more than I may have reason to wish it had. And, rally
 me as you will, pray tell me fairly, my dear, would it not have had such
