expect: that this was not a point now to be determined with me: that
 I had said as much as I could possibly say on the subject: that this
 interview was imposed upon me: by those, indeed, who had a right to
 impose it: but that it was sorely against my will complied with: and for
 this reason, that there was aversion, not wilfulness, in the case; and
 so nothing could come of it, but a pretence, as I much apprehended, to
 use me still more severely than I had been used.
 She was then pleased to charge me with prepossession and prejudice. She
 expatiated upon the duty of a child. She imputed to me abundance of fine
 qualities; but told me, that, in this case, that of persuadableness was
 wanting to crown all. She insisted upon the merit of obedience, although
 my will were not in it. From a little hint I gave of my still greater
 dislike to see Mr. Solmes, on account of the freedom I had treated him
 with, she talked to me of his forgiving disposition; of his infinite
 respect for me; and I cannot tell what of this sort.
 I never found myself so fretful in my life: and so I told my aunt; and
 begged her pardon for it. But she said, it was well disguised then; for
 she saw nothing but little tremors, which were usual with young ladies
 when they were to see their admirers for the first time; and this might
 be called so, with respect to me; since it was the first time I had
 consented to see Mr. Solmes in that light--but that the next--
 How, Madam, interrupted I--Is it then imagined, that I give this meeting
 on that footing?
 To be sure it is, Child.
 To be sure it is, Madam! Then I do yet desire to decline it.--I will
 not, I cannot, see him, if he expects me to see him upon those terms.
 Niceness, punctilio, mere punctilio, Niece!--Can you think that your
 appointment, (day, place, hour,) and knowing what the intent of it was,
 is to be interpreted away as a mere ceremony, and to mean nothing?--Let
 me tell you, my dear, your father, mother, uncles, every body, respect
