sister to me in the garden, last Sunday; by my sister's visit to me
 afterwards in my chamber (although both more stiffly received by me,
 than were either wished or expected); by my uncle Harlowe's affectionate
 visit to me the same afternoon, not indeed so very gratefully received
 as I used to receive his favours:--but this he kindly imputed to the
 displeasure I had conceived at my confinement, and to my intention to
 come off by degrees, that I might keep myself in countenance for my past
 opposition.
 See, my dear, the low cunning of that Sunday-management, which then
 so much surprised me! And see the reason why Dr. Lewen was admitted to
 visit me, yet forbore to enter upon a subject about which I thought he
 came to talk to me!--For it seems there was no occasion to dispute with
 me on the point I was to be supposed to have conceded to.--See, also,
 how unfairly my brother and sister must have represented their pretended
 kindness, when (though the had an end to answer by appearing kind) their
 antipathy to me seems to have been so strong, that they could not help
 insulting me by their arm-in-arm lover-like behaviour to each other; as
 my sister afterwards likewise did, when she came to borrow my Kempis.
 I lifted up my hands and eyes! I cannot, said I, give this treatment a
 name! The end so unlikely to be answered by means so low! I know whose
 the whole is! He that could get my uncle Harlowe to contribute his part,
 and to procure the acquiescence of the rest of my friends to it, must
 have the power to do any thing with them against me.
 Again my aunt told me, that talking and invective, now I had given the
 expectation, would signify nothing. She hoped I would not shew every
 one, that they had been too forward in their constructions of my desire
 to oblige them. She could assure me, that it would be worse for me, if
 now I receded, than if I had never advanced.
 Advanced, Madam! How can you say advanced? Why, this is a trick upon
 me! A poor low trick! Pardon me, Madam, I don't say you have a hand in
