think it worthwhile to wait for such an ungrateful girl as this, I'll
 engage she'll veer about; I'll engage she shall. And a third time
 violently swore to it.
 Then coming up to me (who had thrown myself, very much disordered by my
 vehemence, into the most distant window) as if he would have beat me;
 his face violently working, his hands clinched, and his teeth set--Yes,
 yes, yes, you shall, Cousin Clary, be Mr. Solmes's wife; we will see
 that you shall; and this in one week at farthest.--And then a fourth
 time he confirmed it!--Poor gentleman! how he swore!
 I am sorry, Sir, said I, to see you in such a passion. All this, I am
 but too sensible, is owing to my brother's instigation; who would not
 himself give the instance of duty that is sought to be exacted from me.
 It is best for me to withdraw. I shall but provoke you farther, I fear:
 for although I would gladly obey you if I could, yet this is a point
 determined with me; and I cannot so much as wish to get over it.
 How could I avoid making these strong declarations, the man in presence?
 I was going out at the door I came in at; the gentlemen looking upon one
 another, as if referring to each other what to do, or whether to engage
 my stay, or suffer me to go; and whom should I meet at the door but my
 brother, who had heard all that had passed!
 He bolted upon me so unexpectedly, that I was surprised. He took my
 hand, and grasped it with violence: Return, pretty Miss, said he;
 return, if you please. You shall not yet be bricked up. Your instigating
 brother shall save you from that!--O thou fallen angel, said he, peering
 up to my downcast face--such a sweetness here!--and such an obstinacy
 there! tapping my neck--O thou true woman--though so young!--But you
 shall not have your rake: remember that; in a loud whisper, as if he
 would be decently indecent before the man. You shall be redeemed, and
 this worthy gentleman, raising his voice, will be so good as to redeem
 you from ruin--and hereafter you will bless him, or have reason to bless
