How generous in you, Mr. Solmes, said my brother, to interpose so kindly
 in behalf of such an immovable spirit! I beg of you to persist in your
 address--the unnatural brother called it address!--For all our family's
 sake, and for her sake too, if you love her, persist!--Let us save her,
 if possible, from ruining herself. Look at her person! [and he gazed at
 me, from head to foot, pointing at me, as he referred to Mr. Solmes,]
 think of her fine qualities!--all the world confesses them, and we all
 gloried in her till now. She is worth saving; and, after two or three
 more struggles, she will be yours, and take my word for it, will reward
 your patience. Talk not, therefore, of giving up your hopes, for a
 little whining folly. She has entered upon a parade, which she knows
 not how to quit with a female grace. You have only her pride and her
 obstinacy to encounter: and depend upon it, you will be as happy a man
 in a fortnight, as a married man can be.
 You have heard me say, my dear, that my brother has always taken a
 liberty to reflect upon our sex, and upon matrimony!--He would not, if
 he did not think it wit to do so!--Just as poor Mr. Wyerley, and others,
 whom we both know, profane and ridicule scripture; and all to evince
 their pretensions to the same pernicious talent, and to have it thought
 they are too wise to be religious.
 Mr. Solmes, with a self-satisfied air, presumptuously said, he would
 suffer every thing, to oblige my family, and to save me: and doubted not
 to be amply rewarded, could he be so happy as to succeed at last.
 Mr. Solmes, said I, if you have any regard for your own happiness, (mine
 is out of the question with you, you have not generosity enough to make
 that any part of your scheme,) prosecute no father your address, as my
 brother calls it. It is but too just to tell you, that I could not bring
 my heart so much as to think of you, without the utmost disapprobation,
 before I was used as I have been:--And can you think I am such a slave,
 such a poor slave, as to be brought to change my mind by the violent
