A fair construction, Sir, interrupted I: for he that can see a person,
 whom he pretends to value, thus treated, and approve of it, must be
 capable of treating her thus himself. And that you do approve of it,
 is evident by your declared perseverance, when you know I am confined,
 banished, and insulted, in order to make me consent to be what I never
 can be: and this, let me tell you, as I have often told others, not from
 motives of obstinacy, but aversion.
 Excuse me, Sir, turning to my uncle--to you, as to my father's brother,
 I owe duty. I beg your pardon, but my brother; he shall not constrain
 me.--And [turning to the unnatural wretch--I will call him wretch] knit
 your brows, Sir, and frown all you will, I will ask you, would you, in
 my case, make the sacrifices I am willing to make, to obtain every one's
 favour? If not, what right have you to treat me thus; and to procure me
 to be treated as I have been for so long a time past?
 I had put myself by this time into great disorder: they were silent, and
 seemed by their looks to want to talk to one another (walking about in
 violent disorders too) between whiles. I sat down fanning myself, (as
 it happened, against the glass,) and I could perceive my colour go and
 come; and being sick to the very heart, and apprehensive of fainting, I
 rung.
 Betty came in. I called for a glass of water, and drank it: but nobody
 minded me. I heard my brother pronounce the words, Art! Female Art!
 to Solmes; which, together with the apprehension that he would not be
 welcome, I suppose kept him back. Else I could see the man was affected.
 And (still fearing I should faint) I arose, and taking hold of Betty's
 arm, let me hold by you, Betty, said I: let me withdraw. And moved
 with trembling feet towards the door, and then turned about, and made a
 courtesy to my uncle--Permit me, Sir, said I, to withdraw.
 Whither go you, Niece? said my uncle: we have not done with you yet.
 I charge you depart not. Mr. Solmes has something to open to you, that
