of stuff, either of his saying, or of her making.
 She closed all with a Now is your time, Miss, to submit with a grace,
 and to make your own terms with him:--else, I can tell you, were I Mr.
 Solmes, it should be worse for you: And who, Miss, of our sex, proceeded
 the saucy creature, would admire a rakish gentleman, when she might be
 admired by a sober one to the end of the chapter?
 She made this further speech to me on quitting my chamber--You have
 had amazing good luck, Miss. I must tell you, to keep your writings
 concealed so cunningly. You must needs think I know that you are always
 at your pen: and as you endeavour to hide that knowledge from me, I
 do not think myself obliged to keep your secret. But I love not to
 aggravate. I had rather reconcile by much. Peace-making is my talent,
 and ever was. And had I been as much your foe, as you imagine, you had
 not perhaps been here now. But this, however, I do not say to make a
 merit with you, Miss: for, truly, it will be the better for you the
 sooner every thing is over with you. And better for me, and for every
 one else; that's certain. Yet one hint I must conclude with; that your
 pen and ink (soon as you are to go away) will not be long in your power,
 I do assure you, Miss. And then, having lost that amusement, it will be
 seen, how a mind so active as yours will be able to employ itself.
 This hint alarms me so much, that I shall instantly begin to conceal, in
 different places, pens, inks, and paper; and to deposit some in the ivy
 summer-house, if I can find a safe place there; and, at the worst, I
 have got a pencil of black, and another of red lead, which I use in my
 drawings; and my patterns shall serve for paper, if I have no other.
 How lucky it was, that I had got away my papers! They made a strict
 search for them; that I can see, by the disorderly manner they have left
 all things in: for you know that I am such an observer of method, that
 I can go to a bit of ribband, or lace, or edging, blindfold. The same in
 my books; which they have strangely disordered and mismatched; to look
