think, came up to me, and said, she would fain have me hear what Mr.
 Solmes had to say of Mr. Lovelace--only that I may be apprized of
 some things, that would convince me what a vile man he is, and what a
 wretched husband he must make. I might give them what degree of credit
 I pleased; and take them with abatement for Mr. Solmes's interestedness,
 if I thought fit. But it might be of use to me, were it but to question
 Mr. Lovelace indirectly upon some of them, that related to myself.
 I was indifferent, I said, about what he could say of me; and I was sure
 it could not be to my disadvantage; and as he had no reason to impute to
 me the forwardness which my unkind friends had so causelessly taxed me
 with.
 She said, That he gave himself high airs on account of his family; and
 spoke as despicably of ours as if an alliance with us were beneath him.
 I replied, That he was a very unworthy man, if it were true, to speak
 slightingly of a family, which was as good as his own, 'bating that
 it was not allied to the peerage: that the dignity itself, I thought,
 conveyed more shame than honour to descendants, who had not merit to
 adorn, as well as to be adorned by it: that my brother's absurd pride,
 indeed, which made him every where declare, he would never marry but to
 quality, gave a disgraceful preference against ours: but that were I
 to be assured, that Mr. Lovelace was capable of so mean a pride as to
 insult us or value himself on such an accidental advantage, I should
 think as despicably of his sense, as every body else did of his morals.
 She insisted upon it, that he had taken such liberties, it would be but
 common justice (so much hated as he was by all our family, and so
 much inveighed against in all companies by them) to inquire into the
 provocation he had to say what was imputed to him; and whether the value
 some of my friends put upon the riches they possess (throwing perhaps
 contempt upon every other advantage, and even discrediting their own
 pretensions to family, in order to depreciate his) might not provoke him
