intelligence; and les it should fall into other hands. I cannot forgive
 the contents, although I am at a loss what answer to return.*
      * She accordingly encloses Mr. Lovelace's letter. But as the
      most material contents of it are given in her abstract, it
      is omitted.
 I cannot bear the thoughts of throwing myself upon the protection of his
 friends:--but I will not examine his proposals closely till I hear from
 you. Indeed, I have no eligible hope, but in your mother's goodness Hers
 is a protection I could more reputably fly to, than to that of any other
 person: and from hers should be ready to return to my father's (for the
 breach then would not be irreparable, as it would be, if I fled to
 his family): to return, I repeat, on such terms as shall secure but my
 negative; not my independence: I do not aim at that (so shall lay your
 mother under the less difficulty); though I have a right to be put
 into possession of my grandfather's estate, if I were to insist upon
 it:--such a right, I mean, as my brother exerts in the bid, that I
 should ever think myself freed from my father's reasonable controul,
 whatever right my grandfather's will has given me! He, good gentleman,
 left me that estate, as a reward of my duty, and not to set me above
 it, as has been justly hinted to me: and this reflection makes me more
 fearful of not answering the intention of so valuable a bequest.--Oh!
 that my friends knew but my heart!--Would but think of it as they used
 to do!--For once more, I say, If it deceive me not, it is not altered,
 although theirs are!
 Would but your mother permit you to send her chariot, or chaise, to the
 bye-place where Mr. Lovelace proposes Lord M.'s shall come, (provoked,
 intimidated, and apprehensive, as I am,) I would not hesitate a moment
 what to do. Place me any where, as I have said before--in a cot, in a
 garret; any where--disguised as a servant--or let me pass as a servant's
 sister--so that I may but escape Mr. Solmes on one hand, and the
