I lay by myself: a most uneasy night I had through impatience; and being
 discomposed with it, lay longer than usual. Just as I was risen, in came
 Kitty, from Robin, with your three letters. I was not a quarter dressed;
 and only slipt on my morning sack; proceeding no further till I had
 read them all through, long as they are: and yet I often stopped to rave
 aloud (though by myself) at the devilish people you have to deal with.
 How my heart rises at them all! How poorly did they design to trick
 you into an encouragement of Solmes, from the extorted interview!--I
 am very, very angry at your aunt Hervey--to give up her own judgment so
 tamely!--and, not content to do so, to become such an active instrument
 in their hands!--But it is so like the world!--so like my mother
 too!--Next to her own child, there is not any body living she values so
 much as you:--Yet it is--Why should we embroil ourselves, Nancy, with
 the affairs of other people?
 Other people!--How I hate the poor words, where friendship is concerned,
 and where the protection to be given may be of so much consequence to a
 friend, and of so little detriment to one's self?
 I am delighted with your spirit, however. I expected it not from you
 Nor did they, I am sure. Nor would you, perhaps, have exerted it, if
 Lovelace's intelligence of Solmes's nursery-offices had not set you up.
 I wonder not that the wretch is said to love you the better for it. What
 an honour would it be to him to have such a wife? And he can be even
 with you when you are so. He must indeed be a savage, as you say.--Yet
 he is less to blame for his perseverance, than those of your own family,
 whom most you reverence for theirs.
 It is well, as I have often said, that I have not such provocations
 and trials; I should perhaps long ago have taken your cousin Dolly's
 advice--yet dare I not to touch that key.--I shall always love the good
 girl for her tenderness to you.
 I know not what to say of Lovelace; nor what to think of his promises,
