as I may call it, of our own wills. Surrounded by our heaps and stores,
 hoarded up as fast as acquired, we have seemed to think ourselves out
 of the reach of the bolts of adverse fate. I was the pride of all my
 friends, proud myself of their pride, and glorying in my standing. Who
 knows what the justice of Heaven may inflict, in order to convince us,
 that we are not out of the reach of misfortune; and to reduce us to a
 better reliance, than what we have hitherto presumptuously made?
 I should have been very little the better for the conversation-visits
 with the good Dr. Lewen used to honour me with, and for the principles
 wrought (as I may say) into my earliest mind by my pious Mrs. Norton,
 founded on her reverend father's experience, as well as on her own, if
 I could not thus retrospect and argue, in such a strange situation as we
 are in. Strange, I may well call it; for don't you see, my dear, that we
 seem all to be impelled, as it were, by a perverse fate, which none of
 us are able to resist?--and yet all arising (with a strong appearance
 of self-punishment) from ourselves? Do not my parents see the hopeful
 children, from whom they expected a perpetuity of worldly happiness
 to their branching family, now grown up to answer the till now distant
 hope, setting their angry faces against each other, pulling up by the
 roots, as I may say, that hope which was ready to be carried into a
 probable certainty?
 Your partial love will be ready to acquit me of capital and intentional
 faults:--but oh, my dear! my calamities have humbled me enough to make
 me turn my gaudy eye inward; to make me look into myself.--And what have
 I discovered there?--Why, my dear friend, more secret pride and vanity
 than I could have thought had lain in my unexamined heart.
 If I am to be singled out to be the punisher of myself and family, who
 so lately was the pride of it, pray for me, my dear, that I may not
 be left wholly to myself; and that I may be enabled to support my
 character, so as to be justly acquitted of wilful and premeditated
