to such a proposal as this!--I, to be the occasion of making such
 a mother's (perhaps shortened) life unhappy to the last hour of
 it!--Ennoble you, my dear creature! How must such an enterprise (the
 rashness public, the motives, were they excusable, private) debase
 you!--but I will not dwell upon the subject--for your own sake I will
 not.
 As to your second alternative, to put myself into the protection of Lord
 M. and of the ladies of that family, I own to you, (as I believe I have
 owned before,) that although to do this would be the same thing in the
 eye of the world as putting myself into Mr. Lovelace's protection, yet
 I think I would do it rather than be Mr. Solmes's wife, if there were
 evidently no other way to avoid being so.
 Mr. Lovelace, you have seen, proposes to contrive a way to put me into
 possession of my own house; and he tells me, that he will soon fill
 it with the ladies of his family, as my visiters;--upon my invitation,
 however, to them. A very inconsiderate proposal I think it to be,
 and upon which I cannot explain myself to him. What an exertion of
 independency does it chalk out for me! How, were I to attend to him,
 (and not to the natural consequences to which the following of his
 advice would lead me,) might I be drawn by gentle words into the
 penetration of the most violent acts!--For how could I gain possession,
 but either by legal litigation, which, were I inclined to have recourse
 to it, (as I never can be,) must take up time; or by forcibly turning
 out the persons whom my father has placed there, to look after the
 gardens, the house, and the furniture--persons entirely attached to
 himself, and who, as I know, have been lately instructed by my brother?
 Your third alternative, to meet and marry Mr. Lovelace directly; a man
 with whose morals I am far from being satisfied--a step, that could
 not be taken with the least hope of ever obtaining pardon from or
 reconciliation with any of my friends; and against which a thousand
