objections rise in my mind--that is not to be thought of.
 What appears to me, upon the fullest deliberation, the most eligible,
 if I must be thus driven, is the escaping to London. But I would forfeit
 all my hopes of happiness in this life, rather than you should go away
 with me, as you rashly, though with the kindest intentions, propose.
 If I could get safely thither, and be private, methinks I might remain
 absolutely independent of Mr. Lovelace, and at liberty either to make
 proposals to my friends, or, should they renounce me, (and I had no
 other or better way,) to make terms with him; supposing my cousin
 Morden, on his arrival, were to join with my other relations. But they
 would then perhaps indulge me in my choice of a single life, on giving
 him up: the renewing to them this offer, when at my own liberty, will
 at least convince them, that I was in earnest when I made it first: and,
 upon my word, I would stand to it, dear as you seem to think, when you
 are disposed to rally me, it would cost me, to stand to it.
 If, my dear, you can procure a vehicle for us both, you can perhaps
 procure one for me singly: but can it be done without embroiling
 yourself with your mother, or her with our family?--Be it coach,
 chariot, chaise, wagon, or horse, I matter not, provided you appear not
 to have a hand in my withdrawing. Only, in case it be one of the two
 latter, I believe I must desire you to get me an ordinary gown and coat,
 or habit, of some servant; having no concert with any of our own: the
 more ordinary the better. They must be thrust on in the wood-house;
 where I can put them on; and then slide down from the bank, that
 separates the wood-yard from the green lane.
 But, alas! my dear, this, even this alternative, is not without
 difficulties, which, to a spirit so little enterprising as mine, seem in
 a manner insuperable. These are my reflections upon it.
 I am afraid, in the first place, that I shall not have time for the
 requisite preparations for an escape.
