Should I be either detected in those preparations, or pursued and
 overtaken in my flight, and so brought back, then would they think
 themselves doubly warranted to compel me to have their Solmes: and,
 conscious of an intended fault, perhaps, I should be the less able to
 contend with them.
 But were I even to get safely to London, I know nobody there but by
 name; and those the tradesmen to our family; who, no doubt, would be
 the first written to and engaged to find me out. And should Mr. Lovelace
 discover where I was, and he and my brother meet, what mischiefs
 might ensue between them, whether I were willing or not to return to
 Harlowe-place!
 But supposing I could remain there concealed, to what might my youth, my
 sex, and unacquaintedness of the ways of that great, wicked town, expose
 me!--I should hardly dare to go to church for fear of being discovered.
 People would wonder how I lived. Who knows but I might pass for a kept
 mistress; and that, although nobody came to me, yet, that every time I
 went out, it might be imagined to be in pursuance of some assignation?
 You, my dear, who alone would know where to direct to me, would be
 watched in all your steps, and in all your messages; and your mother,
 at present not highly pleased with our correspondence, would then have
 reason to be more displeased: And might not differences follow between
 her and you, that would make me very unhappy, were I to know them? And
 this the more likely, as you take it so unaccountably (and, give me
 leave to say, so ungenerously) into your head, to revenge yourself upon
 the innocent Mr. Hickman, for all the displeasure your mother gives you.
 Were Lovelace to find out my place of abode, that would be the same
 thing in the eye of the world as if I had actually gone off with him:
 For would he, do you think, be prevailed upon to forbear visiting me?
 And then his unhappy character (a foolish man!) would be no credit to
 any young creature desirous of concealment. Indeed the world, let me
