and in a very short time ran this length.
 And now, that I am come to this part, my uneasy reflections begin again
 to pour in upon me. Yet what can I do?--I believe I shall take it back
 again the first thing in the morning--Yet what can I do?
 And who knows but they may have a still earlier day in their intention,
 than that which will too soon come?
 I hope to deposit this early in the morning for you, as I shall return
 from resuming my letter, if I do resume it as my inwardest mind bids me.
 Although it is now near two o'clock, I have a good mind to slide down
 once more, in order to take back my letter. Our doors are always locked
 and barred up at eleven; but the seats of the lesser hall-windows being
 almost even with the ground without, and the shutters not difficult to
 open, I could easily get out.
 Yet why should I be thus uneasy, since, should the letter go, I can
 but hear what Mr. Lovelace says to it? His aunts live at too great a
 distance for him to have an immediate answer from them; so I can scruple
 going to them till I have invitation. I can insist upon one of his
 cousins meeting me in the chariot; and may he not be able to obtain
 that favour from either of them. Twenty things may happen to afford me
 a suspension at least: Why should I be so very uneasy?--When likewise
 I can take back my letter early, before it is probable he will have the
 thought of finding it there. Yet he owns he spends three parts of his
 days, and has done for this fortnight past, in loitering about sometimes
 in one disguise, sometimes in another, besides the attendance given by
 his trusty servant when he himself is not in waiting, as he calls it.
 But these strange forebodings!--Yet I can, if you advise, cause the
 chariot he shall bring with him, to carry me directly to town, whither
 in my London scheme, if you were to approve it, I had proposed to go:
 and this will save you the trouble of procuring for me a vehicle; as
 well as prevent any suspicion from your mother of your contributing to
