and loathsome person is given, in language which painted your own
 horrors and rendered mine indelible.  I sickened as I read.  'Hateful
 day when I received life!' I exclaimed in agony.  'Accursed creator!
 Why did you form a monster so hideous that even YOU turned from me in
 disgust?  God, in pity, made man beautiful and alluring, after his own
 image; but my form is a filthy type of yours, more horrid even from the
 very resemblance.  Satan had his companions, fellow devils, to admire
 and encourage him, but I am solitary and abhorred.'
 "These were the reflections of my hours of despondency and solitude;
 but when I contemplated the virtues of the cottagers, their amiable and
 benevolent dispositions, I persuaded myself that when they should
 become acquainted with my admiration of their virtues they  would
 compassionate me and overlook my personal deformity.  Could they turn
 from their door one, however monstrous, who solicited their compassion
 and friendship?  I resolved, at least, not to despair, but in every way
 to fit myself for an interview with them which would decide my fate.  I
 postponed this attempt for some months longer, for the importance
 attached to its success inspired me with a dread lest I should fail.
 Besides, I found that my understanding improved so much with every
 day's experience that I was unwilling to commence this undertaking
 until a few more months should have added to my sagacity.
 "Several changes, in the meantime, took place in the cottage.  The
 presence of Safie diffused happiness among its inhabitants, and I also
 found that a greater degree of plenty reigned there.  Felix and Agatha
 spent more time in amusement and conversation, and were assisted in
 their labours by servants.  They did not appear rich, but they were
 contented and happy; their feelings were serene and peaceful, while
 mine became every day more tumultuous.  Increase of knowledge only
 discovered to me more clearly what a wretched outcast I was.  I
 cherished hope, it is true, but it vanished when I beheld my person
