correspond with Mr. Lovelace; as is plain, she said, by hints and
 menaces he throws out, which shew that he is apprized of several things
 that have passed between my relations and me, sometimes within a very
 little while after they have happened.
 Although I approve not of the method he stoops to take to come at his
 intelligence, yet it is not prudent in me to clear myself by the ruin of
 the corrupted servant, (although his vileness has neither my connivance
 nor approbation,) since my doing so might occasion the detection of my
 own correspondence; and so frustrate all the hopes I have to avoid
 this Solmes. Yet it is not at all likely, that this very agent of Mr.
 Lovelace acts a double part between my brother and him: How else can our
 family know (so soon too) his menaces upon the passages they hint at?
 I assured my aunt, that I was too much ashamed of the treatment I met
 with (and that from every one's sake as well as for my own) to acquaint
 Mr. Lovelace with the particulars of that treatment, even were the means
 of corresponding with him afforded me: that I had reason to think, that
 if he were to know of it from me, we must be upon such terms, that
 he would not scruple making some visits, which would give me great
 apprehensions. They all knew, I said, that I had no communication
 with any of my father's servants, except my sister's Betty Barnes: for
 although I had a good opinion of them all, and believed, if left to
 their own inclinations, that they would be glad to serve me; yet,
 finding by their shy behaviour, that they were under particular
 direction, I had forborn, ever since my Hannah had been so disgracefully
 dismissed, so much as to speak to any of them, for fear I should be the
 occasion of their losing their places too. They must, therefore, account
 among themselves for the intelligence Mr. Lovelace met with, since
 neither my brother nor sister, (as Betty had frequently, in praise of
 their open hearts, informed me,) nor perhaps their favourite Mr. Solmes,
 were all careful before whom they spoke, when they had any thing to
