I have a letter from Mr. Lovelace, full of transports, vows, and
 promises. I will send it to you enclosed. You'll see how 'he engages
 in it for Lady Betty's protection, and for Miss Charlotte Montague's
 accompanying me. I have nothing to do, but to persevere, he says, and
 prepare to receive the personal congratulations of his whole family.'
 But you'll see how he presumes upon my being his, as the consequence of
 throwing myself into that lady's protection.
 'The chariot and six is to be ready at the place he mentions. You'll see
 as to the slur upon my reputation, about which I am so apprehensive, how
 boldly he argues.' Generously enough, indeed, were I to be his; and had
 given him to believe that I would.--But that I have not done.
 How one step brings on another with this encroaching sex; how soon a
 young creature, who gives a man the least encouragement, be carried
 beyond her intentions, and out of her own power! You would imagine, by
 what he writes, that I have given him reason to think that my aversion
 to Mr. Solmes is all owing to my favour for him.
 The dreadful thing is, that comparing what he writes from his
 intelligencer of what is designed against me (though he seems not to
 know the threatened day) with what my aunt and Betty assure me of, there
 can be no hope for me, but that I must be Solmes's wife, if I stay here.
 I had better have gone to my uncle Antony's at this rate. I should
 have gained time, at least, by it. This is the fruit of his fine
 contrivances!
 'What we are to do, and how good he is to be: how I am to direct all his
 future steps.' All this shews, as I said before, that he is sure of me.
 However, I have replied to the following effect: 'That although I had
 given him room to expect that I would put myself into the protection
 of one of the ladies of his family; yet as I have three days to come,
 between this and Monday, and as I still hope that my friends will
 relent, or that Mr. Solmes will give up a point they will find
