reflected in water or my shadow in the moonshine, even as that frail
 image and that inconstant shade.
 "I endeavoured to crush these fears and to fortify myself for the trial
 which in a few months I resolved to undergo; and sometimes I allowed my
 thoughts, unchecked by reason, to ramble in the fields of Paradise, and
 dared to fancy amiable and lovely creatures sympathizing with my
 feelings and cheering my gloom; their angelic countenances breathed
 smiles of consolation.  But it was all a dream; no Eve soothed my
 sorrows nor shared my thoughts; I was alone.  I remembered Adam's
 supplication to his Creator.  But where was mine?  He had abandoned me,
 and in the bitterness of my heart I cursed him.
 "Autumn passed thus.  I saw, with surprise and grief, the leaves decay
 and fall, and nature again assume the barren and bleak appearance it
 had worn when I first beheld the woods and the lovely moon.  Yet I did
 not heed the bleakness of the weather; I was better fitted by my
 conformation for the endurance of cold than heat.  But my chief
 delights were the sight of the flowers, the birds, and all the gay
 apparel of summer; when those deserted me, I turned with more attention
 towards the cottagers.  Their happiness was not decreased by the
 absence of summer.  They loved and sympathized with one another; and
 their joys, depending on each other, were not interrupted by the
 casualties that took place around them.  The more I saw of them, the
 greater became my desire to claim their protection and kindness; my
 heart yearned to be known and loved by these amiable creatures; to see
 their sweet looks directed towards me with affection was the utmost
 limit of my ambition.  I dared not think that they would turn them from
 me with disdain and horror.  The poor that stopped at their door were
 never driven away.  I asked, it is true, for greater treasures than a
 little food or rest:  I required kindness and sympathy; but I did not
 believe myself utterly unworthy of it.
