behalf, or harshly against any one who may refuse me protection in the
 extraordinary circumstances I find myself in, I have some pleasure
 in being able to curb undue expectations upon my indulgent friends,
 whatever were to befal myself from those circumstances, for I should be
 extremely mortified, were I by my selfish forwardness to give occasion
 for such a check, as to be told, that I had encouraged an unreasonable
 hope, or, according to the phrase you mention, wished to take a thorn
 out of my own foot, and to put in to that of my friend. Nor should I
 be better pleased with myself, if, having been taught by my good Mrs.
 Norton, that the best of schools is that of affliction, I should rather
 learn impatience than the contrary, by the lessons I am obliged to get
 by heart in it; and if I should judge of the merits of others, as they
 were kind to me; and that at the expense of their own convenience or
 peace of mind. For is not this to suppose myself ever in the right; and
 all who do not act as I would have them act, perpetually in the wrong?
 In short, to make my sake God's sake, in the sense of Mr. Solmes's
 pitiful plea to me?
 How often, my dear, have you and I endeavoured to detect and censure
 this partial spirit in others?
 But I know you do not always content yourself with saying what you think
 may justly be said; but, in order the shew the extent of a penetration
 which can go to the bottom of any subject, delight to say or to write
 all that can be said or written, or even thought, on the particular
 occasion; and this partly perhaps from being desirous [pardon me, my
 dear!] to be thought mistress of a sagacity that is aforehand with
 events. But who would wish to drain off or dry up a refreshing current,
 because it now-and-then puts us to some little inconvenience by its
 over-flowings? In other words, who would not allow for the liveliness of
 a spirit which for one painful sensibility gives an hundred pleasurable
 ones; and the one in consequence of the other?
