doubt intend that I shall so take it; and I thank you for the equally
 polite and forcible conviction.
 It is some satisfaction to me (taking the matter in this light) that I
 had begun to waver before I received your last. And now I tell you, that
 it has absolutely determined me not to go off; at least not to-morrow.
 If you, my dear, think the issue of the alternative (to use your own
 words) sits so lightly upon my mind, in short, that my inclination is
 faulty; the world would treat me much less scrupulously. When therefore
 you represent, that all punctilio must be at an end the moment I am out
 of my father's house; and hint, that I must submit it to Mr. Lovelace
 to judge when he can leave me with safety; that is to say, give him the
 option whether he will leave me, or not; who can bear these reflections,
 who can resolve to incur these inconveniencies, that has the question
 still in her own power to decide upon?
 While I thought only of an escape from this house as an escape from Mr.
 Solmes; that already my reputation suffered by my confinement; and that
 it would be in my own option either to marry Mr. Lovelace, or wholly to
 renounce him; bold as the step was, I thought, treated as I am treated,
 something was to be said in excuse of it--if not to the world, to
 myself: and to be self-acquitted, is a blessing to be preferred to the
 option of all the world. But, after I have censured most severely, as I
 have ever done, those giddy girls, who have in the same hour, as I may
 say, that they have fled from their chamber, presented themselves at
 the altar that is witness to their undutiful rashness; after I have
 stipulated with Mr. Lovelace for time, and for an ultimate option
 whether to accept or refuse him; and for his leaving me, as soon as I am
 in a place of safety (which, as you observe, he must be the judge of);
 and after he has signified to me his compliance with these terms; so
 that I cannot, if I would, recall them, and suddenly marry;--you see,
 my dear, that I have nothing left me but to resolve not to go away with
