he has reason to expect I will see him. But here your words, that all
 punctilio is at an end the moment I am out of my father's house,
 added to the still more cogent considerations of duty and reputation,
 determined me once more against the rash step. And it will be very hard
 (although no seasonable fainting, or wished-for fit, should stand my
 friend) if I cannot gain one month, or fortnight, or week. And I have
 still more hopes that I shall prevail for some delay, from my cousin's
 intimation that the good Dr. Lewen refuses to give his assistance to
 their projects, if they have not my consent, and thinks me cruelly used:
 since, without taking notice that I am apprized of this, I can plead
 a scruple of conscience, and insist upon having that worthy divine's
 opinion upon it: in which, enforced as I shall enforce it, my mother
 will surely second me: my aunt Hervey, and Mrs. Norton, will support
 her: the suspension must follow: and I can but get away afterwards.
 But, if they will compel me: if they will give me no time: if nobody
 will be moved: if it be resolved that the ceremony should be read over
 my constrained hand--why then--Alas! What then!--I can but--But what? O
 my dear! this Solmes shall never have my vows I am resolved! and I will
 say nothing but no, as long as I shall be able to speak. And who will
 presume to look upon such an act of violence as a marriage?--It is
 impossible, surely, that a father and mother can see such a dreadful
 compulsion offered to their child--but if mine should withdraw, and
 leave the task to my brother and sister, they will have no mercy.
 I am grieved to be driven to have recourse to the following artifices.
 I have given them a clue, by the feather of a pen sticking out, where
 they will find such of my hidden stories, as I intend they shall find.
 Two or three little essays I have left easy to be seen, of my own
 writing.
 About a dozen lines also of a letter begun to you, in which I express
 my hopes, (although I say that appearances are against me,) and that
