came from the mouth of one of the most desperate and insolent men in the
 world, convince your father, and all of us, that you still find means
 to write out of the house. Mr. Lovelace knows every thing that is done
 here; and that as soon as done; and great mischief is apprehended from
 him, which you are as much concerned as any body to prevent. Your mother
 has also some apprehensions concerning yourself, which yet she hopes are
 groundless; but, however, cannot be easy, if she would, unless (while
 you remain here in the garden, or in this summer-house) you give her
 the opportunity once more of looking into your closet, your cabinet and
 drawers. It will be the better taken, if you give me cheerfully your
 keys. I hope, my dear, you won't dispute it. Your desire of dining in
 this place was the more readily complied with for the sake of such an
 opportunity.
 I thought myself very lucky to be so well prepared by my cousin Dolly's
 means for this search: but yet I artfully made some scruples, and not a
 few complaints of this treatment: after which, I not only gave her the
 keys of all, but even officiously emptied my pockets before her, and
 invited her to put her fingers in my stays, that she might be sure I had
 no papers there.
 This highly obliged her; and she said, she would represent my cheerful
 compliance as it deserved, let my brother and sister say what they
 would. My mother in particular, she was sure, would rejoice at the
 opportunity given her to obviate, as she doubted not would be the case,
 some suspicions that were raised against me.
 She then hinted, That there were methods taken to come at all Mr.
 Lovelace's secrets, and even, from his careless communicativeness, at
 some secret of mine; it being, she said, his custom, boastingly to prate
 to his very servants of his intentions, in particular cases. She added,
 that deep as he was thought to be, my brother was as deep as he, and
 fairly too hard for him at his own weapons--as one day it would be
