I doubt not every mouth is opened against me; and all that know Clarissa
 Harlowe condemn the fugitive daughter.
 After I had deposited my letter to you, written down to the last hour,
 as I may say, I returned to the ivy summer-house; first taking back my
 letter from the loose bricks: and there I endeavoured, as coolly as my
 situation would permit, to recollect and lay together several incidents
 that had passed between my aunt and me; and, comparing them with some of
 the contents of my cousin Dolly's letter, I began to hope, that I needed
 not to be so very apprehensive as I have been of next Wednesday. And
 thus I argued with myself.
 'Wednesday cannot possibly be the day they intend, although to
 intimidate me they may wish me to think it is: for the settlements are
 unsigned: nor have they been offered me to sign. I can choose whether I
 will or will not put my hand to them; hard as it will be to refuse if my
 father and mother propose, if I made compulsion necessary, to go to my
 uncle's themselves in order to be out of the way of my appeals? Whereas
 they intend to be present on Wednesday. And, however affecting to me the
 thought of meeting them and all my friends in full assembly is, perhaps
 it is the very thing I ought to wish for: since my brother and sister
 had such an opinion of my interest in them, that they got me excluded
 from their presence, as a measure which they thought previously
 necessary to carry on their designs.
 'Nor have I reason to doubt, but that (as I had before argued with
 myself) I shall be able to bring over some of my relations to my party;
 and, being brought face to face with my brother, that I shall expose his
 malevolence, and of consequence weaken his power.
 'Then supposing the very worst, challenging the minister as I shall
 challenge him, he will not presume to proceed: nor surely will Mr.
 Solmes dare to accept my refusing and struggling hand. And finally,
 if nothing else will do, nor procure me delay, I can plead scruples of
