conscience, and even pretend prior obligation; for, my dear, I have give
 Mr. Lovelace room to hope (as you will see in one of my letters in your
 hands) that I will be no other man's while he is single, and gives me
 not wilful and premeditated cause of offence against him; and this in
 order to rein-in his resentment on the declared animosity of my brother
 and uncles to him. And as I shall appeal, or refer my scruples on this
 head, to the good Dr. Lewen, it is impossible but that my mother and
 aunt (if nobody else) must be affected with this plea.'
 Revolving cursorily these things, I congratulated myself, that I had
 resolved against going away with Mr. Lovelace.
 I told you, my dear, that I would not spare myself: and I enumerate
 these particulars as so many arguments to condemn the actions I have
 been so unhappily betrayed into. An argument that concludes against me
 with the greater force, as I must acknowledge, that I was apprehensive,
 that what my cousin Dolly mentions as from Betty, and from my sister who
 told her, that she should tell me, in order to make me desperate, and
 perhaps to push me upon some such step as I have been driven to take, as
 the most effectual means to ruin me with my father and uncles.
 God forgive me, if I judge too harshly of their views!--But if I do not,
 it follows, that they laid a wicked snare for me; and that I have been
 caught in it.--And now they triumph, if they can triumph, in the ruin of
 a sister, who never wished or intended to hurt them!
 As the above kind of reasoning had lessened my apprehensions as to the
 Wednesday, it added to those I had of meeting Mr. Lovelace--now, as it
 seemed, not only the nearest, but the heaviest evil; principally indeed
 because nearest; for little did I dream (foolish creature that I
 was, and every way beset!) of the event proving what it has proved. I
 expected a contention with him, 'tis true, as he had not my letter: but
 I thought it would be very strange, as I mentioned in one of my former,*
 if I, who had so steadily held out against characters so venerable,
