heightens malice. I am desperate. I have but this one chance for it; for
 is not the day after to-morrow Wednesday? I have encouraged virulence
 by my tameness.--Yet tame I will still be. You shall see, Madam, what I
 will bear for your sake. My sword shall be put sheathed into your hands
 [and he offered it to me in the scabbard].--My heart, if you please,
 clapping one hand upon his breast, shall afford a sheath for your
 brother's sword. Life is nothing, if I lose you--be pleased, Madam, to
 shew me the way into the garden [moving toward the door]. I will attend
 you, though to my fate!--But too happy, be it what it will, if I receive
 it in your presence. Lead on, dear creature! [putting his sword into his
 belt]--You shall see what I can bear for you. And he stooped and took
 up the key; and offered it to the lock; but dropped it again, without
 opening the door, upon my earnest expostulations.
 What can you mean, Mr. Lovelace?--said I--Would you thus expose
 yourself? Would you thus expose me?--Is this your generosity? Is every
 body to take advantage thus of the weakness of my temper?
 And I wept. I could not help it.
 He threw himself upon his knees at my feet--Who can bear, said he, [with
 an ardour that could not be feigned, his own eyes glistening,] who
 can bear to behold such sweet emotion?--O charmer of my heart, [and,
 respectfully still kneeling, he took my hand with both his, pressing it
 to his lips,] command me with you, command me from you; in every way
 I am implicit to obedience--but I appeal to all you know of your
 relations' cruelty to you, their determined malice against me, and as
 determined favour to the man you tell me you hate, (and, O Madam, if you
 did not hate him, I should hardly think there would be a merit in your
 approbation, place it where you would)--I appeal to every thing you
 know, to all you have suffered, whether you have not reason to be
 apprehensive of that Wednesday, which is my terror!--whether you can
 possibly have another opportunity--the chariot ready: my friends with
