impatience expecting the result of your own appointment: a man whose
 will shall be entirely your will, imploring you, thus, on his knees,
 imploring you--to be your own mistress; that is all: nor will I ask
 for your favour, but as upon full proof I shall appear to deserve it.
 Fortune, alliance, unobjectionable!--O my beloved creature! pressing my
 hand once more to his lips, let not such an opportunity slip. You never,
 never will have such another.
 I bid him rise. He arose; and I told him, that were I not thus
 unaccountably hurried by his impatience, I doubted not to convince
 him, that both he and I had looked upon next Wednesday with greater
 apprehension than was necessary. I was proceeding to give him my
 reasons; but he broke in upon me--
 Had I, Madam, but the shadow of a probability to hope what you hope, I
 would be all obedience and resignation. But the license is actually
 got: the parson is provided: the pedant Brand is the man. O my dearest
 creature, do these preparations mean only a trial?
 You know not, Sir, were the worst to be intended, and weak as you think
 me, what a spirit I have: you know not what I can do, and how I can
 resist when I think myself meanly or unreasonably dealt with: nor do you
 know what I have already suffered, what I have already borne, knowing to
 whose unbrotherly instigations all is to be ascribed--
 I may expect all things, Madam, interrupted he, from the nobleness of
 your mind. But your spirits may fail you. What may not be apprehended
 from the invincible temper of a father so positive, to a daughter so
 dutiful?--Fainting will not save you: they will not, perhaps, be sorry
 for such an effect of their barbarity. What will signify expostulations
 against a ceremony performed? Must not all, the dreadful all follow,
 that is torture to my heart but to think of? Nobody to appeal to, of
 what avail will your resistance be against the consequences of a rite
 witnessed to by the imposers of it, and those your nearest relations?
