I was sure, I said, of procuring a delay at least. Many ways I had to
 procure a delay. Nothing could be so fatal to us both, as for me now to
 be found with him. My apprehensions on this score, I told him, grew too
 strong for my heart. I should think very hardly of him, if he sought to
 detain me longer. But his acquiescence should engage my gratitude.
 And then stooping to take up the key to let myself into the garden, he
 started, and looked as if he had heard somebody near the door, on the
 inside; clapping his hand on his sword.
 This frighted me so, that I thought I should have sunk down at his feet.
 But he instantly re-assured me: He thought, he said, he had heard a
 rustling against the door: but had it been so, the noise would have been
 stronger. It was only the effect of his apprehension for me.
 And then taking up the key, he presented it to me.--If you will go,
 Madam--Yet, I cannot, cannot leave you!--I must enter the garden with
 you--forgive me, but I must enter the garden with you.
 And will you, will you thus ungenerously, Mr. Lovelace, take advantage
 of my fears? of my wishes to prevent mischief? I, vain fool, to be
 concerned for every one; nobody for me!
 Dearest creature! interrupted he, holding my hand, as I tremblingly
 offered to put the key to the lock--let me, if you will go, open the
 door. But once more, consider, could you possibly obtain that delay
 which seems to be your only dependence, whether you may not be closer
 confined? I know they have already had that in consideration. Will you
 not, in this case, be prevented from corresponding either with Miss
 Howe, or with me?--Who then shall assist you in your escape, if escape
 you would?--From your chamber-window only permitted to view the garden
 you must not enter into, how will you wish for the opportunity you
 now have, if your hatred to Solmes continue!--But alas! that cannot
 continue. If you go back, it must be from the impulses of a yielding
 (which you'll call, a dutiful) heart, tired and teased out of your own
