will.
 I have no patience, Sir, to be thus constrained. Must I never be at
 liberty to follow my own judgment? Be the consequence what it may, I
 will not be thus constrained.
 And then, freeing my hand, I again offered the key to the door.
 Down the ready kneeler dropt between me and that: And can you, can you,
 Madam, once more on my knees let me ask you, look with an indifferent
 eye upon the evils that may follow? Provoked as I have been, and
 triumphed over as I shall be, if your brother succeeds, my own heart
 shudders, at times, at the thoughts of what must happen: And can yours
 be unconcerned? Let me beseech you, dearest creature, to consider all
 these things; and lose not this only opportunity. My intelligence--
 Never, Mr. Lovelace, interrupted I, give so much credit to the words of
 a traitor. Your base intelligencer is but a servant. He may pretend
 to know more than he has grounds for, in order to earn the wages of
 corruption. You know not what contrivances I can find out.
 I was once more offering the key to the lock, when, starting from his
 knees, with a voice of affrightment, loudly whispering, and as if out
 of breath, they are at the door, my beloved creature! and taking the
 key from me, he fluttered with it, as if he would double lock it. And
 instantly a voice from within cried out, bursting against the door, as
 if to break it open, the person repeating his violent pushes, Are you
 there?--come up this moment!--this moment!--here they are--here they are
 both together!--your pistol this moment!--your gun!--Then another push,
 and another. He at the same moment drew his sword, and clapping it
 naked under his arm, took both my trembling hands in his; and drawing me
 swiftly after him, Fly, fly, my charmer; this moment is all you have for
 it, said he.--Your brother!--your uncles!--or this Solmes!--they will
 instantly burst the door--fly, my dearest life, if you would not be
 more cruelly used than ever--if you would not see two or three murders
