I might have supposed would put me into the power of his resolution, and
 out of that of my own reason.
 For, might I not have believed, that he, who thought he had cause to
 apprehend that he was on the point of losing a person who had cost
 him so much pains and trouble, would not hinder her, if possible, from
 returning? That he, who knew I had promised to give him up for ever, if
 insisted as a condition of reconciliation, would not endeavour to put it
 out of my power to do so? In short, that he, who had artfully forborne
 to send for my letter, (for he could not be watched, my dear,) lest he
 should find in it a countermand to my appointment, (as I myself could
 apprehend, although I profited by the apprehension,) would want a device
 to keep me with him till the danger of having our meeting discovered
 might throw me absolutely into his power, to avoid my own worse usage,
 and the mischiefs which might have ensued (perhaps in my very sight) had
 my friends and he met?
 But if it shall come out, that the person within the garden was his
 corrupted implement, employed to frighten me away with him, do you
 think, my dear, that I shall not have reason to hate him and myself
 still more? I hope his heart cannot be so deep and so vile a one: I hope
 it cannot! But how came it to pass, that one man could get out at the
 garden-door, and no more? how, that that man kept aloof, as it were,
 and pursued us not; nor ran back to alarm the house? my fright, and my
 distance, would not let me be certain; but really this man, as I now
 recollect, had the air of that vile Joseph Leman.
 O why, why, my dear friends!--But wherefore blame I them, when I had
 argued myself into a hope, not improbable, that even the dreadful
 trial I was to undergo so soon might turn out better than if I had been
 directly carried away from the presence of my once indulgent parents,
 who might possibly intend that trial to be the last I should have had?
 Would to Heaven, that I had stood it, however! then if I had afterwards
