done, what now I have been prevailed upon, or perhaps foolishly
 frightened to do, I should not have been stung so much by inward
 reproach as now I am: and this would have been a great evil avoided.
 You know, my dear, that your Clarissa's mind was ever above justifying
 her own failings by those of others. God forgive those of my friends
 who have acted cruelly by me! But their faults are their own, and
 not excuses for mine. And mine began early: for I ought not to have
 corresponded with him.
 O the vile encroacher! how my indignation, at times, rises at him! thus
 to lead a young creature (too much indeed relying upon her own strength)
 from evil to evil!--This last evil, although the remote, yet sure
 consequence of my first--my prohibited correspondence! by a father early
 prohibited.
 How much more properly had I acted, with regard to that correspondence,
 had I, once for all, when he was forbidden to visit me, and I to receive
 his visits, pleaded the authority by which I ought to have been bound,
 and denied to write to him!--But I thought I could proceed, or stop, as
 I pleased. I supposed it concerned me, more than any other, to be
 the arbitress of the quarrels of unruly spirits.--And now I find my
 presumption punished--punished, as other sins frequently are, by itself!
 As to this last rashness; now, that it is too late, I plainly see how
 I ought to have conducted myself. As he knew I had but one way of
 transmitting to him the knowledge of what befel me; as he knew that my
 fate was upon a crisis with my friends; and that I had in my letter
 to him reserved the liberty of revocation; I should not have been
 solicitous whether he had got my letter or not: when he had come, and
 found I did not answer to his signal, he would presently have resorted
 to the loose bricks, and there been satisfied, by the date of my letter,
 that it was his own fault that he had it not before. But, governed by
 the same pragmatical motives which induced me to correspond with him at
