first, I was again afraid, truly, with my foolish and busy prescience;
 and the disappointment would have thrown him into the way of receiving
 fresh insults from the same persons; which might have made him guilty
 of some violence to them. And so to save him an apprehended rashness,
 I rushed into a real one myself. And what vexes me more is, that it is
 plain to me now, by all his behaviour, that he had as great a confidence
 in my weakness, as I had in my own strength. And so, in a point entirely
 relative to my honour, he has triumphed; for he has not been mistaken in
 me, while I have in myself!
 Tell me, my dear Miss Howe, tell me truly, if your unbiassed heart does
 not despise me?--It must! for your mind and mine were ever one; and
 I despise myself!--And well I may: For could the giddiest and most
 inconsiderate girl in England have done worse than I shall appear to
 have done in the eye of the world? Since my crime will be known without
 the provocations, and without the artifices of the betrayer too; while
 it will be a high aggravation, that better things were expected from me
 than from many others.
 You charge me to marry the first opportunity--Ah! my dear! another of
 the blessed effects of my folly--That's as much in my power now as--as
 I am myself!--And can I besides give a sanction immediately to his
 deluding arts?--Can I avoid being angry with him for tricking me thus,
 as I may say, (and as I have called it to him,) out of myself?--For
 compelling me to take a step so contrary to all my resolutions and
 assurances given to you; a step so dreadfully inconvenient to myself; so
 disgraceful and so grievous (as it must be) to my dear mother, were I to
 be less regardful of any other of my family or friends?--You don't know,
 nor can you imagine, my dear, how I am mortified!--How much I am sunk
 in my own opinion! I, that was proposed for an example, truly, to
 others!--O that I were again in my father's house, stealing down with
 a letter to you; my heart beating with expectation of finding one from
