very important occasion, in which your assistance may crown the work:
 for, if she waver, a little innocent contrivance will be necessary.
 Be very mindful, therefore, of the following directions; take them into
 your heart. This will probably be your last trouble, until my beloved
 and I are joined in holy wedlock: and then we will be sure to take care
 of you. You know what I have promised. No man ever reproached me for
 breach of word.
 These, then, honest Joseph, are they:
 Contrive to be in the garden, in disguise, if possible, and unseen by
 your young lady. If you find the garden-door unbolted, you will know
 that she and I are together, although you should not see her go out at
 it. It will be locked, but my key shall be on the ground just without
 the door, that you may open it with your's, as it may be needful.
 If you hear our voices parleying, keep at the door till I cry Hem, hem,
 twice: but be watchful for this signal; for I must not hem very loud,
 lest she should take it for a signal. Perhaps, in struggling to prevail
 upon the dear creature, I may have an opportunity to strike the door
 hard with my elbow, or heel, to confirm you--then you are to make a
 violent burst against the door, as if you would break it open, drawing
 backward and forward the bolt in a hurry: then, with another push, but
 with more noise than strength, lest the lock give way, cry out (as if
 you saw some of the family) Come up, come up, instantly!--Here they
 are! Here they are!--Hasten!--This instant! hasten! And mention swords,
 pistols, guns, with as terrible a voice as you can cry out with. Then
 shall I prevail upon her, no doubt, if loth before, to fly. If I cannot,
 I will enter the garden with her, and the house too, be the consequence
 what it will. But, so affrighted, these is no question but she will fly.
 When you think us at a sufficient distance [and I shall raise my voice
 urging her swifter flight, that you may guess at that] then open the
 door with your key: but you must be sure to open it very cautiously,
