are as various and peculiar as their faces. Pluck a stake out of one of
 the hedges: and tug at it, though it may come easy: this, if she turn
 back, will look terrible, and account for your not following us faster.
 Then, returning with it, shouldered, to brag to the family what you
 would have done, could you have overtaken us, rather than your young
 lady should be carried off by such a ------ And you may call me names,
 and curse me. And these airs will make you look valiant, and in earnest.
 You see, honest Joseph, I am always contriving to give you reputation.
 No man suffers by serving me.
 But, if our parley should last longer than I wish; and if any of her
 friends miss her before I cry, Hem, hem, twice; then, in order to save
 yourself, (which is a very great point with me, I assure you,) make the
 same noise as above: but as I directed before, open not the door with
 your key. On the contrary, wish for a key with all your heart; but
 for fear any of them should by accident have a key about them, keep in
 readiness half a dozen little gravel-stones, no bigger than peas, and
 thrust two or three slily into the key-hole; which will hinder their
 key from turning round. It is good, you know, Joseph, to provide against
 every accident in such an important case, as this. And let this be your
 cry, instead of the other, if any of my enemies come in your sight, as
 you seem to be trying to burst the door open, Sir! Sir! or Madam! Madam!
 O Lord, hasten! O Lord, hasten! Mr. Lovelace! Mr. Lovelace!--And very
 loud--and that shall quicken me more than it shall those you call
 to.--If it be Betty, and only Betty, I shall think worse of your art
 of making love* than of your fidelity, if you can't find a way to amuse
 her, and put her upon a false scent.
      * See Vol.II. Letter XXIX.
 You must tell them that your young lady seemed to run as fast off with
 me as I with her. This will also confirm to them that all pursuit is
 in vain. An end will hereby be put to Solmes's hopes: and her friends,
