particularly, should attend me, as my companion, if I would accept of
 her, as soon as she was able to go abroad. Mean time, would I go to Lady
 Betty Lawrance's (Lady Sarah was a melancholy woman)? I should be the
 most welcome guest she ever received.
 I told him, I wished not to go (immediately, however, and in the frame
 I was in, and not likely to be out of) to any of his relations: that my
 reputation was concerned, to have him absent from me: that, if I were in
 some private lodging, the meaner the less to be suspected, (as it would
 be known, that I went away by his means; and he would be supposed to
 have provided me handsome accommodations,) it would be most suitable
 both to my mind and to my situation: that this might be best, I should
 think, in the country for me; in town for him. And no matter how soon he
 was known to be there.
 If he might deliver his opinion, he said, it was, that since I declined
 going to any of his relations, London was the only place in the world
 to be private in. Every new comer in a country town or village excited a
 curiosity: A person of my figure [and many compliments he made me] would
 excite more. Even messages and letters, where none used to be brought,
 would occasion inquiry. He had not provided a lodging any where,
 supposing I would choose to go either to London, where accommodations of
 that sort might be fixed upon in an hour's time, or to Lady Betty's; or
 to Lord M.'s Herfordshire seat, where was the housekeeper, an excellent
 woman, Mrs. Greme, such another as my Norton.
 To be sure, I said, if I were pursued, it would be in their first
 passion; and some one of his relations' houses would be the place they
 would expect to find me at--I knew not what to do.
 My pleasure should determine him, he said, be it what it would. Only
 that I were safe, was all he was solicitous about. He had lodgings in
 town; but he did not offer to propose them. He knew, I would have more
 objections to go to them, than I could to go to Lord M.'s, or to Lady
