chastise them for it.
 I am sure they deserve chastisement, replied I: for swearing is a most
 unmanly vice, and cursing as poor and low a one; since they proclaim the
 profligate's want of power, and his wickedness at the same time; for,
 could such a one punish as he speaks, he would be a fiend!
 Charmingly observed, by my soul, Madam!--The next trooper I hear swear
 and curse, I'll tell him what an unmanly, and what a poor wretch he is.
 Mrs. Greme came to pay her duty to me, as Mr. Lovelace called it; and
 was very urgent with me to go to her lord's house; letting me know what
 handsome things she had heard of her lord, and his two nieces, and all
 the family, say of me; and what wishes for several months past they had
 put up for the honour she now hoped would soon be done them all.
 This gave me some satisfaction, as it confirmed from the mouth of a very
 good sort of woman all that Mr. Lovelace had told me.
 Upon inquiry about a private lodging, she recommended me to a
 sister-in-law of hers, eight miles from thence--where I now am. And what
 pleased me the better, was, that Mr. Lovelace (of whom I could see she
 was infinitely observant) obliged her, of his own motion, to accompany
 me in the chaise; himself riding on horseback, with his two servants,
 and one of Lord M.'s. And here we arrived about four o'clock.
 But, as I told you in my former, the lodgings are inconvenient. Mr.
 Lovelace indeed found great fault with them: and told Mrs. Greme (who
 had said, that they were not worthy of us) that they came not up even to
 her own account of them. As the house was a mile from a town, it was not
 proper for him, he said, to be so far distant from me, lest any thing
 should happen: and yet the apartments were not separate and distinct
 enough for me to like them, he was sure.
 This must be agreeable enough for him, you will believe.
 Mrs. Greme and I had a good deal of talk in the chaise about him: she
 was very easy and free in her answers to all I asked; and has, I find, a
