very serious turn.
 I led her on to say to the following effect; some part of it not unlike
 what Lord M.'s dismissed bailiff had said before; by which I find that
 all the servants have a like opinion of him.
 'That Mr. Lovelace was a generous man: that it was hard to say, whether
 the servants of her lord's family loved or feared him most: that her
 lord had a very great affection for him: that his two noble aunts were
 not less fond of him: that his cousins Montague were as good natured
 young ladies as ever lived: that Lord M. and Lady Sarah, and Lady Betty
 had proposed several ladies to him, before he made his addresses to me:
 and even since; despairing to move me and my friends in his favour.--But
 that he had no thoughts of marrying at all, she had heard him say, if it
 were not to me: that as well her lord as the two ladies his sisters were
 a good deal concerned at the ill-usage he received from my family: but
 admired my character, and wished to have him married to me (although I
 were not to have a shilling) in preference to any other person, from the
 opinion they had of the influence I should have over him. That, to be
 sure, Mr. Lovelace was a wild gentleman: but wildness was a distemper
 which would cure itself. That her lord delighted in his company,
 whenever he could get it: but that they often fell out; and his lordship
 was always forced to submit--indeed, was half afraid of him, she
 believed; for Mr. Lovelace would do as he pleased. She mingled a
 thousand pities often, that he acted not up to the talents lent him--yet
 would have it, that he had fine qualities to found a reformation upon:
 and, when the happy day came, would make amends for all: and of this all
 his friends were so assured, that they wished for nothing so earnestly,
 as for his marriage.'
 This, indifferent as it is, is better than my brother says of him.
 The people of the house here are very honest-looking industrious folks:
 Mrs. Sorlings is the gentlewoman's name. The farm seems well stocked,
