that. But although the weather was somewhat sharp, she had not on either
 hat or hood; for, besides that she loves to use herself hardily (by
 which means and by a temperance truly exemplary, she is allowed to have
 given high health and vigour to an originally tender constitution) she
 seems to have intended to shew me, that she was determined not to stand
 to her appointment. O Jack! that such a sweet girl should be a rogue!
 Her morning gown was a pale primrose-coloured paduasoy: the cuffs
 and robins curiously embroidered by the fingers of this ever-charming
 Arachne, in a running pattern of violets and their leaves, the light in
 the flowers silver, gold in the leaves. A pair of diamond snaps in
 her ears. A white handkerchief wrought by the same inimitable fingers
 concealed--O Belford! what still more inimitable beauties did it not
 conceal!--And I saw, all the way we rode, the bounding heart (by its
 throbbing motions I saw it!) dancing beneath her charming umbrage.
 Her ruffles were the same as her mob. Her apron a flowered lawn. Her
 coat white sattin, quilted: blue sattin her shoes, braided with the same
 colour, without lace; for what need has the prettiest foot in the world
 of ornament? neat buckles in them: and on her charming arms a pair of
 black velvet glove-like muffs of her own invention; for she makes and
 gives fashions as she pleases.--Her hands velvet of themselves, thus
 uncovered the freer to be grasped by those of her adorer.
 I have told thee what were my transports, when the undrawn bolt
 presented to me my long-expected goddess. Her emotions were more sweetly
 feminine, after the first moments; for then the fire of her starry eyes
 began to sink into a less dazzling languor. She trembled: nor knew
 she how to support the agitations of a heart she had never found so
 ungovernable. She was even fainting, when I clasped her in my supporting
 arms. What a precious moment that! How near, how sweetly near, the
 throbbing partners!
 By her dress, I saw, as I observed before, how unprepared she was for
