should have forgot it was my mother's house, and been for turning
 him out of it. To come to rave against and abuse my dearest, dearest,
 faultless friend! and the ravings to be encouraged, and perhaps joined
 in, in order to justify themselves; the one for contributing to drive
 that dear friend out of her father's house; the other for refusing her
 a temporary asylum, till the reconciliation could have been effected,
 which her dutiful heart was set upon; and which it would have become
 the love which my mother had ever pretended for you, to have mediated
 for--Could I have had patience!
 The issue, as I said, shewed what the errand was--Its fusty appearance,
 after the old fusty fellow was marched off, [you must excuse me, my
 dear,] was in a kind of gloomy, Harlowe-like reservedness in my mother;
 which upon a few resenting flirts of mine, was followed by a rigorous
 prohibition of correspondence.
 This put us, you may suppose, upon terms not the most agreeable, I
 desired to know, if I were prohibited dreaming of you?--For, my dear,
 you have all my sleeping as well as waking hours.
 I can easily allow for your correspondence with your wretch at first
 (and yet your notions were excellent) by the effect this prohibition has
 upon me; since, if possible, it has made me love you better than before;
 and I am more desirous than ever of corresponding with you.
 But I have nevertheless a much more laudable motive--I should think
 myself the unworthiest of creatures, could I be brought to slight a
 dear friend, and such a meritorious one, in her distress. I would die
 first--And so I told my mother. And I have desired her not to watch me
 in my retired hours; nor to insist upon my lying with her constantly,
 which she now does more earnestly than ever. 'Twere better, I told her,
 that the Harlowe-Betty were borrowed to be set over me.
 Mr. Hickman, who so greatly honours you, has, unknown to me, interposed
 so warmly in your favour with my mother, that it makes for him no small
