silent and appears uneasy when anyone except myself enters his cabin.
 Yet his manners are so conciliating and gentle that the sailors are all
 interested in him, although they have had very little communication
 with him.  For my own part, I begin to love him as a brother, and his
 constant and deep grief fills me with sympathy and compassion.  He must
 have been a noble creature in his better days, being even now in wreck
 so attractive and amiable.  I said in one of my letters, my dear
 Margaret, that I should find no friend on the wide ocean; yet I have
 found a man who, before his spirit had been broken by misery, I should
 have been happy to have possessed as the brother of my heart.
 I shall continue my journal concerning the stranger at intervals,
 should I have any fresh incidents to record.
 August 13th, 17--
 My affection for my guest increases every day.  He excites at once my
 admiration and my pity to an astonishing degree.  How can I see so
 noble a creature destroyed by misery without feeling the most poignant
 grief?  He is so gentle, yet so wise; his mind is so cultivated, and
 when he speaks, although his words are culled with the choicest art,
 yet they flow with rapidity and unparalleled eloquence.  He is now much
 recovered from his illness and is continually on the deck, apparently
 watching for the sledge that preceded his own.  Yet, although unhappy,
 he is not so utterly occupied by his own misery but that he interests
 himself deeply in the projects of others.  He has frequently conversed
 with me on mine, which I have communicated to him without disguise.  He
 entered attentively into all my arguments in favour of my eventual
 success and into every minute detail of the measures I had taken to
 secure it.  I was easily led by the sympathy which he evinced to use
 the language of my heart, to give utterance to the burning ardour of my
 soul and to say, with all the fervour that warmed me, how gladly I
 would sacrifice my fortune, my existence, my every hope, to the
