the sound of voices, that induced me to conceal myself under the shade
 of a cypress.  I was scarcely hid when a young girl came running
 towards the spot where I was concealed, laughing, as if she ran from
 someone in sport.  She continued her course along the precipitous sides
 of the river, when suddenly her foot slipped, and she fell into the
 rapid stream.  I rushed from my hiding-place and with extreme labour,
 from the force of the current, saved her and dragged her to shore.  She
 was senseless, and I endeavoured by every means in my power to restore
 animation, when I was suddenly interrupted by the approach of a rustic,
 who was probably the person from whom she had playfully fled.  On
 seeing me, he darted towards me, and tearing the girl from my arms,
 hastened towards the deeper parts of the wood.  I followed speedily, I
 hardly knew why; but when the man saw me draw near, he aimed a gun,
 which he carried, at my body and fired.  I sank to the ground, and my
 injurer, with increased swiftness, escaped into the wood.
 "This was then the reward of my benevolence!  I had saved a human being
 from destruction, and as a recompense I now writhed under the miserable
 pain of a wound which shattered the flesh and bone.  The feelings of
 kindness and gentleness which I had entertained but a few moments
 before gave place to hellish rage and gnashing of teeth.  Inflamed by
 pain, I vowed eternal hatred and vengeance to all mankind.  But the
 agony of my wound overcame me; my pulses paused, and I fainted.
 "For some weeks I led a miserable life in the woods, endeavouring to
 cure the wound which I had received.  The ball had entered my shoulder,
 and I knew not whether it had remained there or passed through; at any
 rate I had no means of extracting it.  My sufferings were augmented
 also by the oppressive sense of the injustice and ingratitude of their
 infliction.  My daily vows rose for revenge--a deep and deadly revenge,
 such as would alone compensate for the outrages and anguish I had
 endured.
