somewhere out of his reach. And if he know not where to find you, so
 much the better. Yet I verily believe, they would force you back, could
 they but come at you, if they were not afraid of him.
 I think, by all means, you should demand of both your trustees to be put
 in possession of your own estate. Mean time I have sixty guineas at your
 service. I beg you will command them. Before they are gone, I'll take
 care you shall be further supplied. I don't think you'll have a shilling
 or a shilling's worth of your own from your relations, unless you extort
 it from them.
 As they believe you went away by your own consent, they are, it seems,
 equally surprised and glad that you have left your jewels and money
 behind you, and have contrived for clothes so ill. Very little
 likelihood this shews of their answering your requests.
 Indeed every one who knows not what I now know, must be at a loss to
 account for your flight, as they will call it. And how, my dear, can
 one report it with any tolerable advantage to you?--To say, you did not
 intend it when you met him, who will believe it?--To say, that a person
 of your known steadiness and punctilio was over-persuaded when you gave
 him the meeting, how will that sound?--To say, you were tricked out of
 yourself, and people were given credit to it, how disreputable!--And
 while unmarried, and yet with him, the man a man of such a character,
 what would it not lead a censuring world to think?
 I want to see how you put it in your letter for your clothes.
 As you may depend upon all the little spiteful things they can offer,
 instead of sending what you write for, pray accept the sum that I
 tender. What will seven guineas do?--And I will find a way to send you
 also any of my clothes and linen for present supply. I beg, my dear
 Clarissa, that you will not put your Anna Howe upon a footing with
 Lovelace, in refusing to accept of my offer. If you do not oblige me, I
 shall be apt to think you rather incline to be obliged to him, than to
