favour me. And if I find this, I shall not know how to reconcile it with
 your delicacy in other respects.
 Pray inform me of every thing that passes between you and him. My cares
 for you (however needless, from your own prudence) make me wish you to
 continue to be every minute. If any thing occur that you would tell me
 of if I were present, fail not to put it down in writing, although
 from your natural diffidence, it should not appear to you altogether so
 worthy of your pen, or my knowing. A stander-by may see more of the game
 than one that plays. Great consequences, like great folks, generally owe
 their greatness to small causes, and little incidents.
 Upon the whole, I do not now think it is in your power to dismiss him
 when you please. I apprized you beforehand, that it would not. I
 repeat, therefore, that were I you, I would at least seem to place
 some confidence in him. So long as he is decent, you may. Very visibly
 observable, to such delicacy as yours, must be that behaviour in him,
 which will make him unworthy of some confidence.
 Your relations, according to what old Antony says to my mother, and she
 to me, (by way of threatening, that you will not gain your supposed ends
 upon them by your flight,) seem to expect that you will throw yourself
 into Lady Betty's protection; and that she will offer to mediate
 for you. And they vow, that they will never hearken to any terms of
 accommodation that shall come from that quarter; for I dare aver, that
 your brother and sister will not let them cool--at least, till their
 uncles have made such dispositions, and perhaps your father too, as they
 would have them make.
 As this letter will apprize you of an alteration in the place to which
 you must direct your next, I send it by a friend of Mr. Hickman, who may
 be depended upon. He has business in the neighbourhood of Mrs. Sorlings;
 and he knows her. He will return to Mr. Hickman this night; and bring
 back any letter you shall have ready to send, or can get ready. It is
