much of his own will to study to accommodate himself to that of others.
 As to the placing of some confidence in him, I shall be as ready to take
 your advice in this particular, as in all others, and as he will be
 to deserve it. But tricked away as I was by him, not only against my
 judgment, but my inclination, can he, or any body, expect, that I should
 immediately treat him with complaisance, as if I acknowledged obligation
 to him for carrying me away?--If I did, must he not either think me a
 vile dissembler before he gained that point, or afterwards?
 Indeed, indeed, my dear, I could tear my hair, on reconsidering what you
 write (as to the probability that the dreaded Wednesday was more dreaded
 than it needed to be) to think, that I should be thus tricked by this
 man; and that, in all likelihood, through his vile agent Joseph Leman.
 So premeditated and elaborate a wickedness as it must be!--Must I
 not, with such a man, be wanting to myself, if I were not jealous and
 vigilant?--Yet what a life to live for a spirit so open, and naturally
 so unsuspicious, as mine?
 I am obliged to Mr. Hickman for the assistance he is so kindly ready to
 give to our correspondence. He is so little likely to make to himself an
 additional merit with the daughter upon it, that I shall be very sorry,
 if he risk any thing with the mother by it.
 I am now in a state of obligation: so must rest satisfied with whatever
 I cannot help. Whom have I the power, once so precious to me, of
 obliging?--What I mean, my dear, is, that I ought, perhaps, to
 expect, that my influences over you are weakened by my indiscretion.
 Nevertheless, I will not, if I can help it, desert myself, nor give up
 the privilege you used to allow me, of telling you what I think of such
 parts of your conduct as I may not approve.
 You must permit me therefore, severe as your mother is against an
 undesigning offender, to say that I think your liveliness to her
 inexcusable--to pass over, for this time, what nevertheless concerns me
