One little piece of artifice I had recourse to: When she pushed so hard
 for me to leave her, I made a request to her, upon a condition she could
 not refuse; and pretended as much gratitude upon her granting it, as if
 it were a favour of the last consequence.
 And what was this? but to promise what she had before promised, 'Never
 to marry any other man, while I am living, and single, unless I should
 give her cause for high disgust against me.' This, you know, was
 promising nothing, because she could be offended at any time, and was to
 be the sole judge of the offence. But it shewed her how reasonable and
 just my expectations were; and that I was no encroacher.
 She consented; and asked what security I expected? Her word only.
 She gave me her word: but I besought her excuse for sealing it: and in
 the same moment (since to have waited for consent would have been asking
 for a denial) saluted her. And, believe me, or not, but, as I hope to
 live, it was the first time I had the courage to touch her charming lips
 with mine. And this I tell thee, Belford, that that single pressure (as
 modestly put too, as if I were as much a virgin as herself, that she
 might not be afraid of me another time) delighted me more than ever I
 was delighted by the ultimatum with any other woman.--So precious do
 awe, reverence, and apprehended prohibition, make a favour!
 And now, Belford, I am only afraid that I shall be too cunning; for she
 does not at present talk enough for me. I hardly know what to make of
 the dear creature yet.
 I topt the brother's part on Monday night before the landlady at St.
 Alban's; asking my sister's pardon for carrying her off so unprepared
 for a journey; prated of the joy my father and mother, and all
 our friends, would have in receiving her; and this with so many
 circumstances, that I perceived, by a look she gave me, that went
 through my very veins, that I had gone too far. I apologized for it
 indeed when alone; but could not penetrate for the soul of me, whether I
