whether she can do it without her mother, who is as covetous as the
 grave. And my agent's agent, old Antony, has already given the mother a
 hint which will make her jealous of pecuniaries.
 Besides, if Miss Howe has money by her, I can put her mother upon
 borrowing it of her: nor blame me, Jack, for contrivances that have
 their foundation in generosity. Thou knowest my spirit; and that I
 should be proud to lay an obligation upon my charmer to the amount of
 half, nay, to the whole of my estate. Lord M. has more for me than I
 can ever wish for. My predominant passion is girl, not gold; nor value I
 this, but as it helps me to that, and gives me independence.
 I was forced to put it into the sweet novice's head, as well for my sake
 as for hers (lest we should be traceable by her direction) whither to
 direct the sending of her clothes, if they incline to do her that small
 piece of justice.
 If they do I shall begin to dread a reconciliation; and must be forced
 to muse for a contrivance or two to prevent it, and to avoid mischief.
 For that (as I have told honest Joseph Leman) is a great point with me.
 Thou wilt think me a sad fellow, I doubt. But are not all rakes sad
 fellows?--And art not thou, to thy little power, as bad as any? If thou
 dost all that's in thy head and in thy heart to do, thou art worse than
 I; for I do not, I assure you.
 I proposed, and she consented, that her clothes, or whatever else her
 relations should think fit to send her, should be directed to thy cousin
 Osgood's. Let a special messenger, at my charge, bring me any letter, or
 portable parcel, that shall come. If not portable, give me notice of it.
 But thou'lt have no trouble of this sort from her relations, I dare be
 sworn. And in this assurance, I will leave them, I think, to act upon
 their own heads. A man would have no more to answer for than needs must.
 But one thing, while I think of it; which is of great importance to be
 attended to--You must hereafter write to me in character, as I shall do
