MR. LOVELACE, TO JOHN BELFORD, ESQ. [IN CONTINUATION.]
 This is Wednesday; the day that I was to have lost my charmer for ever
 to the hideous Solmes! With what high satisfaction and heart's-ease can
 I now sit down, and triumph over my men in straw at Harlowe-place! Yet
 'tis perhaps best for them, that she got off as she did. Who knows what
 consequences might have followed upon my attending her in; or (if she
 had not met me) upon my projected visit, followed by my myrmidons?
 But had I even gone in with her unaccompanied, I think I had but little
 reason for apprehension: for well thou knowest, that the tame spirits
 which value themselves upon reputation, and are held within the skirts
 of the law by political considerations only, may be compared to an
 infectious spider; which will run into his hole the moment one of his
 threads is touched by a finger that can crush him, leaving all his toils
 defenceless, and to be brushed down at the will of the potent invader.
 While a silly fly, that has neither courage nor strength to resist,
 no sooner gives notice, by its buz and its struggles, of its being
 entangled, but out steps the self-circumscribed tyrant, winds round and
 round the poor insect, till he covers it with his bowel-spun toils; and
 when so fully secured, that it can neither move leg nor wing, suspends
 it, as if for a spectacle to be exulted over: then stalking to the door
 of his cell, turns about, glotes over it at a distance; and, sometimes
 advancing, sometimes retiring, preys at leisure upon its vitals.
 But now I think of it, will not this comparison do as well for
 the entangled girls, as for the tame spirits?--Better o' my
 conscience!--'Tis but comparing the spider to us brave fellows, and it
 quadrates.
 Whatever our hearts are in, our heads will follow. Begin with spiders,
 with flies, with what we will, girl is the centre of gravity, and we all
 naturally tend to it.
 Nevertheless, to recur; I cannot but observe, that these tame spirits
