if I every hour grew more and more uneasy both with myself and him: that
 upon the whole, I was willing to take care of myself; and when he had
 left me, I should best know what to resolve upon, and whither to go.
 He wished, he said, he were at liberty, without giving me offence, or
 being thought to intend to infringe the articles I had stipulated and
 insisted upon, to make one humble proposal to me. But the sacred regard
 he was determined to pay to all my injunctions (reluctantly as I had on
 Monday last put it into his power to serve me) would not permit him to
 make it, unless I would promise to excuse him, if I did not approve of
 I asked, in some confusion, what he would say?
 He prefaced and paraded on; and then out came, with great diffidence,
 and many apologies, and a bashfulness which sat very awkwardly upon him,
 a proposal of speedy solemnization: which, he said, would put all right;
 and make my first three or four months (which otherwise must be passed
 in obscurity and apprehension) a round of visits and visitings to and
 from all his relations; to Miss Howe; to whom I pleased: and would pave
 the way to the reconciliation I had so much at heart.
 Your advice had great weight with me just then, as well as his reasons,
 and the consideration of my unhappy situation: But what could I say? I
 wanted somebody to speak for me.
 The man saw I was not angry at his motion. I only blushed; and that I am
 sure I did up to the ears; and looked silly, and like a fool.
 He wants not courage. Would he have had me catch at his first, at his
 very first word?--I was silent too--and do not the bold sex take silence
 for a mark of a favour!--Then, so lately in my father's house! Having
 also declared to him in my letters, before I had your advice, that
 I would not think of marriage till he had passed through a state of
 probation, as I may call it--How was it possible I could encourage, with
 very ready signs of approbation, such an early proposal? especially so
 soon after the free treatment he had provoked from me. If I were to die,
