had forbid me beforehand, to touch upon it, till I were in a state of
 visible reformation, and till a reconciliation with her friends were
 probable. But now, out-argued, out-talented, and pushed so vehemently to
 leave one of whom I had no good pretence to hold, if she would go; and
 who could so easily, if I had given her cause to doubt, have thrown
 herself into other protection, or have returned to Harlowe-place and
 Solmes; I spoke out upon the subject, and offered reasons, although
 with infinite doubt and hesitation, [lest she should be offended at
 me, Belford!] why she should assent to the legal tie, and make me the
 happiest of men. And O how the mantle cheek, the downcast eye, the
 silent yet trembling lip, and the heaving bosom, a sweet collection
 of heightened beauties, gave evidence that the tender was not mortally
 offensive!
 Charming creature! thought I, [but I charge thee, that thou let not
 any of the sex know my exultation,*] Is it so soon come to this? Am
 I already lord of the destiny of a Clarissa Harlowe? Am I already
 the reformed man thou resolvest I should be, before I had the least
 encouragement given me? Is it thus, that the more thou knowest me, the
 less thou seest reason to approve of me?--And can art and design
 enter into a breast so celestial? To banish me from thee, to insist so
 rigorously upon my absence, in order to bring me closer to thee, and
 make the blessing dear? Well do thy arts justify mine; and encourage me
 to let loose my plotting genius upon thee.
      * Mr. Lovelace might have spared this caution on this occasion, since
 many of the sex [we mention it with regret] who on the first publication
 had read thus far, and even to the lady's first escape, have been
 readier to censure her for over-niceness, as we have observed in a
 former note, page 42, than him for artifices and exultations not less
 cruel and ungrateful, than ungenerous and unmanly.
 But let me tell thee, charming maid, if thy wishes are at all to be
