Don't I know best, I won't be disobeyed. How can a daughter of spirits
 bear such language; such looks too with the language; and not have a
 longing mind to disobey?
 Don't advise me, my dear, to subscribe to my mother's prohibition of
 correspondence with you. She has no reason for it. Nor would she of her
 own judgment have prohibited it. That odd old ambling soul your uncle,
 (whose visits are frequenter than ever,) instigated by your malicious
 and selfish brother and sister in the occasion. And they have only
 borrowed my mother's lips, at the distance they are from you, for a sort
 of speaking trumpet for them. The prohibition, once more I say, cannot
 come from her heart: But if it did, is so much danger to be apprehended
 from my continuing to write to one of my own sex, as if I wrote to one
 of the other? Don't let dejection and disappointment, and the course
 of oppression which you have run through, weaken your mind, my dearest
 creature, and make you see inconveniencies where there possibly cannot
 be any. If your talent is scribbling, as you call it; so is mine--and
 I will scribble on, at all opportunities; and to you; let them say what
 they will. Nor let your letters be filled with the self-accusations you
 mention: there is no cause for them. I wish that your Anna Howe, who
 continues in her mother's house, were but half so good as Miss Clarissa
 Harlowe, who has been driven out of her father's.
 I will say nothing upon your letter to your sister till I see the effect
 it will have. You hope, you tell me, that you shall have your money and
 clothes sent you, notwithstanding my opinion to the contrary--I am sorry
 to have it to acquaint you, that I have just now heard, that they have
 sat in council upon your letter; and that your mother was the only
 person who was for sending you your things, and was overruled. I
 charge you therefore to accept of my offer, as by my last: and give
 me particular directions for what you want, that I can supply you with
 besides.
