my own power, if I were inclined to prefer it to the trial which I think
 I ought to have principally in view to make for a reconciliation.
 You say, he is proud and insolent--indeed he is. But can it be your
 opinion, that he intends to humble me down to the level of his mean
 pride?
 And what mean you, my dear friend, when you say, that I must throw off
 a little more of the veil?--Indeed I never knew that I wore one. Let
 me assure you, that if I never see any thing in Mr. Lovelace that looks
 like a design to humble me, his insolence shall never make me discover a
 weakness unworthy of a person distinguished by your friendship; that is
 to say, unworthy either of my sex, or of my former self.
 But I hope, as I am out of all other protection, that he is not capable
 of mean or low resentments. If he has had any extraordinary trouble on
 my account, may he not thank himself for it? He may; and lay it, if he
 pleases, to his character; which, as I have told him, gave at least a
 pretence to my brother against him. And then, did I ever make him any
 promises? Did I ever profess a love for him? Did I ever wish for the
 continuance of his address? Had not my brother's violence precipitated
 matters, would not my indifference to him in all likelihood (as I
 designed it should) have tired out his proud spirit,* and make him set
 out for London, where he used chiefly to reside? And if he had, would
 not there have been an end of all his pretensions and hopes? For no
 encouragement had I given him; nor did I then correspond with him.
 Nor, believe me, should I have begun to do so--the fatal rencounter
 not having then happened; which drew me in afterwards for others' sakes
 (fool that I was!) and not for my own. And can you think, or can he,
 that even this but temporarily-intended correspondence (which, by the
 way, my mother* connived at) would have ended thus, had I not been
 driven on one hand, and teased on the other, to continue it, the
 occasion which had at first induced it continuing? What pretence then
