distinguishing the humourous turn that accompanies it; and for which, at
 the same time that thou robbest me of the merit of it thou admirest
 me highly. Envy gives thee the indistinction: Nature inspires the
 admiration: unknown to thyself it inspires it. But thou art too clumsy
 and too short-sighted a mortal, to know how to account even for the
 impulses by which thou thyself art moved.
 Well, but this acquits thee not of my charge of vanity, Lovelace,
 methinks thou sayest.
 And true thou sayest: for I have indeed a confounded parcel of it. But,
 if men of parts may not be allowed to be in vain, who should! and yet,
 upon second thoughts, men of parts have the least occasion of any to be
 vain; since the world (so few of them are there in it) are ready to find
 them out, and extol them. If a fool can be made sensible that there is
 a man who has more understanding than himself, he is ready enough to
 conclude, that such a man must be a very extraordinary creature.
 And what, at this rate, is the general conclusion to be drawn from the
 premises?--Is it not, That no man ought to be vain? But what if a man
 can't help it!--This, perhaps, may be my case. But there is nothing upon
 which I value myself so much as upon my inventions. And for the soul of
 me, I cannot help letting it be seen, that I do. Yet this vanity may be
 a mean, perhaps, to overthrow me with this sagacious lady.
 She is very apprehensive of me I see. I have studied before her and Miss
 Howe, as often as I have been with them, to pass for a giddy thoughtless
 creature. What a folly then to be so expatiatingly sincere, in my answer
 to her home put, upon the noises within the garden?--But such success
 having attended that contrivance [success, Jack, has blown many a man
 up!] my cursed vanity got uppermost, and kept down my caution. The
 menace to have secreted Solmes, and that other, that I had thoughts to
 run away with her foolish brother, and of my project to revenge her upon
 the two servants, so much terrified the dear creature, that I was forced
