friends would pursue us; and I began to apprehend that she would suspect
 that I made a pretence of that intentional pursuit to keep about her and
 with her. But now that they had declared against it, and that they would
 not receive her if she went back, (a declaration she had better hear
 first from me, than from Miss Howe, or any other,) what should hinder me
 from giving her this mark of my obedience; especially as I could leave
 Will, who is a clever fellow, and can do any thing but write and spell,
 and Lord M.'s Jonas (not as guards, to be sure, but as attendants only);
 the latter to be dispatched to me occasionally by the former, whom I
 could acquaint with my motions?
 Then I wanted to inform myself, why I had not congratulatory letters
 from Lady Sarah and Lady Betty, and from my cousins Montague, to whom I
 had written, glorying in my beloved's escape; which letters, if properly
 worded, might be made necessary to shew her as matters proceed.
 As to Windsor, I had no design to carry her particularly thither: but
 somewhere it was proper to name, as she condescended to ask my advice
 about it. London, I durst not; but very cautiously; and so as to make it
 her own option: for I must tell thee, that there is such a perverseness
 in the sex, that when they ask your advice, they do it only to know your
 opinion, that they may oppose it; though, had not the thing in question
 been your choice, perhaps it had been theirs.
 I could easily give reasons against Windsor, after I had pretended to
 be there; and this would have looked the better, as it was a place of
 my own nomination; and shewn her that I had no fixed scheme. Never was
 there in woman such a sagacious, such an all-alive apprehension, as in
 this. Yet it is a grievous thing to an honest man to be suspected.
 Then, in my going or return, I can call upon Mrs. Greme. She and my
 beloved had a great deal of talk together. If I knew what it was about;
 and that either, upon their first acquaintance, was for benefiting
 herself by the other; I might contrive to serve them both, without
