her to accept of money and raiment from me: one; the real pleasure I
 should have in the accommodating of the haughty maid; and to think there
 was something near her, and upon her, that I could call mine: the other,
 in order to abate her severity and humble her a little.
 Nothing more effectually brings down a proud spirit, than a sense of
 lying under pecuniary obligations. This has always made me solicitous
 to avoid laying myself under any such: yet, sometimes, formerly, have
 I been put to it, and cursed the tardy resolution of the quarterly
 periods. And yet I ever made shift to avoid anticipation: I never would
 eat the calf in the cow's belly, as Lord M.'s phrase is: for what is
 that, but to hold our lands upon tenant-courtesy, the vilest of all
 tenures? To be denied a fox-chace, for breaking down a fence upon my own
 grounds? To be clamoured at for repairs studied for, rather than really
 wanted? To be prated to by a bumpkin with his hat on, and his arms
 folded, as if he defied your expectations of that sort; his foot firmly
 fixed, as if upon his own ground, and you forced to take his arch leers,
 and stupid gybes; he intimating, by the whole of his conduct, that he
 had had it in his power to oblige you, and, if you behave civilly, may
 oblige you again? I, who think I have a right to break every man's head
 I pass by, if I like not his looks, to bear this!--No more could I do
 it, then I could borrow of an insolent uncle, or inquisitive aunt, who
 would thence think themselves entitled to have an account of all my life
 and actions laid before them for their review and censure.
 My charmer, I see, has a pride like my own: but she has no distinction
 in her pride: nor knows the pretty fool that there is nothing nobler,
 nothing more delightful, than for loves to be conferring and receiving
 obligations from each other. In this very farm-yard, to give thee a
 familiar instance, I have more than once seen this remark illustrated. A
 strutting rascal of a cock have I beheld chuck, chuck, chuck, chuck-ing
 his mistress to him, when he has found a single barley-corn, taking it
