to reformation are but pretences, what must be his intent? But can the
 heart of man be so very vile? Can he, dare he, mock the Almighty? But
 I may not, from one very sad reflection, think better of him; that I am
 thrown too much into his power, to make it necessary for him (except
 he were to intend the very utmost villany by me) to be such a shocking
 hypocrite? He must, at least be in earnest at the time he gives the
 better hopes. Surely he must. You yourself must join with me in this
 hope, or you could not wish me to be so dreadfully yoked.
 But after all, I had rather, much rather, be independent of him, and of
 his family, although I have an high opinion of them; at least till I see
 what my own may be brought to.--Otherwise, I think, it were best for me,
 at once, to cast myself into Lady Betty's protection. All would then be
 conducted with decency, and perhaps many mortifications would be spared
 me. But then I must be his, at all adventures, and be thought to defy my
 own family. And shall I not first see the issue of one application? And
 yet I cannot make this, till I am settled somewhere, and at a distance
 from him.
 Mrs. Sorlings shewed me a letter this morning, which she had received
 from her sister Greme last night; in which Mrs. Greme (hoping I would
 forgive her forward zeal if her sister thinks fit to shew her letter to
 me) 'wishes (and that for all the noble family's sake, and she hopes she
 may say for my own) that I will be pleased to yield to make his honour,
 as she calls him, happy.' She grounds her officiousness, as she calls
 it, upon what he was so condescending [her word also] to say to her
 yesterday, in his way to Windsor, on her presuming to ask, if she might
 soon give him joy? 'That no man ever loved a woman as he loves me: that
 no woman ever so well deserved to be beloved: that he loves me with such
 a purity as he had never believed himself capable of, or that a mortal
 creature could have inspired him with; looking upon me as all soul; as
 an angel sent down to save his;' and a great deal more of this sort:
