willingly consent to be sacrificed to a partial reconciliation, in
 which I shall be so great, so irreparable a sufferer!--Any thing but
 that--include me in your terms: prescribe to me: promise for me as you
 please--put a halter about my neck, and lead me by it, upon condition
 of forgiveness on that disgraceful penance, and of a prostration as
 servile, to your father's presence (your brother absent), and I will
 beg his consent at his feet, and bear any thing but spurning from him,
 because he is your father. But to give you up upon cold conditions,
 d----n me [said the shocking wretch] if I either will, or can!
 These were his words, as near as I can remember them; for his behaviour
 was so strangely wild and fervent, that I was perfectly frighted. I
 thought he would have devoured my hand. I wished myself a thousand miles
 distant from him.
 I told him, I by no means approved of his violent temper: he was too
 boisterous a man for my liking. I saw now, by the conversation that had
 passed, what was his boasted regard to my injunctions; and should
 take my measures accordingly, as he should soon find. And, with a half
 frighted earnestness, I desired him to withdraw, and leave me to myself.
 He obeyed; and that with extreme complaisance in his manner, but
 with his complexion greatly heightened, and a countenance as greatly
 dissatisfied.
 But, on recollecting all that passed, I plainly see that he means not,
 if he can help it, to leave me to the liberty of refusing him; which I
 had nevertheless preserved a right to do; but looks upon me as his, by a
 strange sort of obligation, for having run away with me against my will.
 Yet you see he but touches upon the edges of matrimony neither. And
 that at a time, generally, when he has either excited one's passions
 or apprehensions; so that one cannot at once descend. But surely this
 cannot be his design.--And yet such seemed to be his behaviour to my
 sister,* when he provoked her to refuse him, and so tamely submitted, as
