me.--Will not charity allow you to infer, that their charges are no
 better grounded?--And that my principal fault has been carelessness of
 my character, and too little solicitude to clear myself, when aspersed?
 Which, I do assure you, is the case.
 Lady Betty, in her letter, expresses herself in the most obliging manner
 in relation to me. 'She wishes him so to behave, as to encourage me to
 make him soon happy. She desires her compliments to me; and expresses
 her impatience to see, as her niece, so celebrated a lady [those are her
 high words]. She shall take it for an honour, she says, to be put into
 a way to oblige me. She hopes I will not too long delay the ceremony;
 because that performed, will be to her, and to Lord M. and Lady Sarah, a
 sure pledge of her nephew's merits and good behaviour.'
 She says, 'she was always sorry to hear of the hardships I had met with
 on his account: that he will be the most ungrateful of men, if he make it
 not all up to me: and that she thinks it incumbent upon all their family
 to supply to me the lost favour of my own: and, for her part, nothing of
 that kind, she bids him assure me, shall be wanting.'
 Her ladyship observes, 'That the treatment he had received from my
 family would have been much more unaccountable than it was, with such
 natural and accidental advantages as he had, had it not been owing
 to his own careless manners. But she hopes that he will convince the
 Harlowe family that they had thought worse of him than he had deserved;
 since now it was in his power to establish his character for ever. This
 she prays to God to enable him to do, as well for his own honour, as for
 the honour of their house,' was the magnificent word.
 She concludes, with 'desiring to be informed of our nuptials the moment
 they are celebrated, that she may be with the earliest in felicitating
 me on the happy occasion.'
 But her Ladyship gives me no direct invitation to attend her before the
 marriage: which I might have expected from what he had told me.
