you will not pretend to take it amiss, that I expect to be uninvaded in
 my retirements. I hope you do not think me so weak a creature (novice as
 you have found me in a very capital instance) as to be fond of occasions
 to hear your fond speeches, especially as no differing circumstances
 require your over-frequent visits; nor that I am to be addressed to, as
 if I thought hourly professions needful to assure me of your honour.
 He seemed a little disconcerted.
 You know, Mr. Lovelace, proceeded I, why I am so earnest for your
 absence. It is, that I may appear to the world independent of you; and
 in hopes, by that means, to find it less difficult to set on foot a
 reconciliation with my friends. And now let me add, (in order to make
 you easier as to the terms of that hoped-for reconciliation,) that since
 I find I have the good fortune to stand so well with your relations, I
 will, from time to time, acquaint you, by letter, when you are absent,
 with every step I shall take, and with every overture that shall be made
 to me: but not with an intention to render myself accountable to you,
 neither, as to my acceptance or non-acceptance of those overtures. They
 know that I have a power given me by my grandfather's will, to bequeath
 the estate he left me, with other of his bounties, in a way that may
 affect them, though not absolutely from them. This consideration, I
 hope, will procure me some from them, when their passion subsides, and
 when they know I am independent of you.
 Charming reasoning!--And let him tell me, that the assurance I had
 given him was all he wished for. It was more than he could ask. What a
 happiness to have a woman of honour and generosity to depend upon! Had
 he, on his first entrance into the world, met with such a one, he had
 never been other than a man of strict virtue.--But all, he hoped,
 was for the best; since, in that case, he had never perhaps had the
 happiness he now had in view; because his relations had always been
 urging him to marry; and that before he had the honour to know me. And
