upon; and at another time I will gladly embrace correction from the only
 lips in the world so qualified to give it.
 You talk of reformation sometimes, Mr. Lovelace, and in so talking,
 acknowledge errors. But I see you can very ill bear the reproof, for
 which perhaps you are not solicitous to avoid giving occasion. Far be it
 from me to take delight in finding fault; I should be glad for both our
 sakes, since my situation is what it is, that I could do nothing but
 praise you. But failures which affect a mind that need not be very
 delicate to be affected by them, are too grating to be passed over in
 silence by a person who wishes to be thought in earnest in her own duties.
 I admire your delicacy, Madam, again interrupted he. Although I suffer
 by it, yet would I not have it otherwise: indeed I would not, when I
 consider of it. It is an angelic delicacy, which sets you above all our
 sex, and even above your own. It is natural to you, Madam; so you may
 think it extraordinary: but there is nothing like it on earth, said the
 flatterer--What company has he kept!
 But let us return to the former subject--You were so good as to ask me
 what I would advise you to do: I want but to make you easy; I want but
 to see you fixed to your liking: your faithful Hannah with you; your
 reconciliation with those to whom you wish to be reconciled, set
 on foot, and in a train. And now let me mention to you different
 expedients; in hopes that some one of them may be acceptable to you.
 'I will go to Mrs. Howe, or to Miss Howe, or to whomsoever you would
 have me to go, and endeavour to prevail upon them to receive you.*
      * The reader, perhaps, need not be reminded that he had taken care from
 the first (see Vol. I. Letter XXXI.) to deprive her of any protection
 from Mrs. Howe. See in his next letter, a repeated account of the same
 artifices, and his exultations upon his inventions to impose upon the
 two such watchful ladies as Clarissa and Miss Howe.
 'Do you incline to go to Florence to your cousin Morden? I will furnish
