Thou seest, Belford, that my charmer has no notion that Miss Howe
 herself is but a puppet danced upon my wires at second or third hand. To
 outwit, and impel, as I please, two such girls as these, who think they
 know every thing; and, by taking advantage of the pride and ill-nature
 of the old ones of both families, to play them off likewise at the very
 time they think they are doing me spiteful displeasure; what charming
 revenge!--Then the sweet creature, when I wished that her brother was
 not at the bottom of Mrs. Howe's resentment, to tell me, that she was
 afraid he was, or her uncle would not have appeared against her to that
 lady!--Pretty dear! how innocent!
 But don't think me the cause neither of her family's malice and
 resentment. It is all in their hearts. I work but with their materials.
 They, if left to their own wicked direction, would perhaps express their
 revenge by fire and faggot; that is to say, by the private dagger, or
 by Lord Chief Justices' warrants, by law, and so forth: I only point
 the lightning, and teach it where to dart, without the thunder. In other
 words, I only guide the effects: the cause is in their malignant hearts:
 and while I am doing a little mischief, I prevent a great deal.
 Thus he exalts on her mentioning London:
 I wanted her to propose London herself. This made me again mention
 Windsor. If you would have a woman do one thing, you must always propose
 another, and that the very contrary: the sex! the very sex! as I hope
 to be saved!--Why, Jack, they lay a man under a necessity to deal doubly
 with them! And, when they find themselves outwitted, they cry out upon
 an honest fellow, who has been too hard for them at their own weapons.
 I could hardly contain myself. My heart was at my throat.--Down, down,
 said I to myself, exuberant exultation! A sudden cough befriended me;
 I again turned to her, all as indifferenced over as a girl at the first
 long-expected question, who waits for two more. I heard out the rest of
 her speech: and when she had done, instead of saying any thing to her
