for London, I advised her to send for Mrs. Norton.
 As I knew she would be afraid of lying under obligation, I could have
 proposed to do so much for the good woman and her son, as would have
 made her resolve that I should do nothing: this, however, not merely to
 avoid expense. But there was no such thing as allowing of the presence
 of Mrs. Norton. I might as well have had her mother or her aunt Hervey
 with her. Hannah, had she been able to come, and had she actually come,
 I could have done well enough with. What do I keep fellows idling in the
 country for, but to fall in love, and even to marry those whom I would
 have them marry? Nor, upon second thoughts, would the presence of her
 Norton, or of her aunt, or even of her mother, have saved the dear
 creature, had I decreed her fall.
 How unequal is a modest woman to the adventure, when she throws herself
 into the power of a rake! Punctilio will, at any time, stand for reason
 with such an one. She cannot break through a well-tested modesty. None
 but the impudent little rogues, who can name the parson and the church
 before you think of either, and undress and go to bed before you the
 next hour, should think of running away with a man.
 *****
 I am in the right train now. Every hour, I doubt not, will give me an
 increasing interest in the affections of this proud beauty. I have just
 carried unpoliteness far enough to make her afraid of me; and to shew
 her, that I am no whiner. Every instance of politeness, now, will give
 me double credit with her. My next point will be to make her acknowledge
 a lambent flame, a preference of me to all other men, at least: and
 then my happy hour is not far off. An acknowledged reciprocality in love
 sanctifies every little freedom: and little freedoms beget greater.
 And if she call me ungenerous, I can call her cruel. The sex love to be
 called cruel. Many a time have I complained of cruelty, even in the act
 of yielding, because I knew it gratified the fair one's pride.
