has not only confirmed my mother an enemy to our correspondence, but has
 almost put her upon treading in their steps.--
 But to other subjects:
 You plead generously for Mr. Hickman. Perhaps, with regard to him, I
 may have done, as I have often done in singing--begun a note or key
 too high; and yet, rather than begin again, proceed, though I strain
 my voice, or spoil my tune. But this is evident, the man is the more
 observant for it; and you have taught me, that the spirit which is the
 humbler for ill usage, will be insolent upon better. So, good and grave
 Mr. Hickman, keep your distance a little longer, I beseech you. You have
 erected an altar to me; and I hope you will not refuse to bow to it.
 But you ask me, if I would treat Mr. Lovelace, were he to be in Mr.
 Hickman's place, as I do Mr. Hickman? Why really, my dear, I believe I
 should not.--I have been very sagely considering this point of behaviour
 (in general) on both sides in courtship; and I will very candidly tell
 you the result. I have concluded, that politeness, even to excess,
 is necessary on the men's part, to bring us to listen to their first
 addresses, in order to induce us to bow our necks to a yoke so unequal.
 But, upon my conscience, I very much doubt whether a little intermingled
 insolence is not requisite from them, to keep up that interest, when
 once it has got footing. Men must not let us see, that we can make
 fools of them. And I think, that smooth love; that is to say, a passion
 without rubs; in other words, a passion without passion; is like a
 sleepy stream that is hardly seen to give motion to a straw. So that,
 sometimes to make us fear, and even, for a short space, to hate the
 wretch, is productive of the contrary extreme.
 If this be so, Lovelace, than whom no man was ever more polite and
 obsequious at the beginning, has hit the very point. For his turbulence
 since, his readiness to offend, and his equal readiness to humble
 himself, (as must keep a woman's passion alive); and at last tire her
