into a non-resistance that shall make her as passive as a tyrant-husband
 would wish her to be.
 I verily think, that the different behaviour of our two heroes to
 their heroines make out this doctrine to demonstration. I am so much
 accustomed, for my own part, to Hickman's whining, creeping, submissive
 courtship, that I now expect nothing but whine and cringe from him: and
 am so little moved with his nonsense, that I am frequently forced to go
 to my harpsichord, to keep me awake, and to silence his humdrum. Whereas
 Lovelace keeps up the ball with a witness, and all his address and
 conversation is one continual game at raquet.
 Your frequent quarrels and reconciliations verify this observation: and
 I really believe, that, could Hickman have kept my attention alive after
 the Lovelace manner, only that he had preserved his morals, I should
 have married the man by this time. But then he must have set out
 accordingly. For now he can never, never recover himself, that's
 certain; but must be a dangler to the end of the courtship-chapter; and,
 what is still worse for him, a passive to the end of his life.
 Poor Hickman! perhaps you'll say.
 I have been called your echo--Poor Hickman! say I.
 You wonder, my dear, that Mr. Lovelace took not notice to you over-night
 of the letters of Lady Betty and his cousin. I don't like his keeping
 such a material and relative circumstance, as I may call it, one moment
 from you. By his communicating the contents of them to you next day,
 when you was angry with him, it looks as if he withheld them for
 occasional pacifiers; and if so, must he not have had a forethought that
 he might give you cause for anger? Of all the circumstances that have
 happened since you have been with him, I think I like this the least:
 this alone, my dear, small as it might look to an indifferent eye, in
 mine warrants all your caution. Yet I think that Mrs. Greme's letter to
 her sister Sorlings: his repeated motions for Hannah's attendance; and
