two guineas by the person who carries Mr. Lovelace's five, as from an
 unknown hand: nor am I, or you, to know it. But he does a great many
 things of this sort, and is as silent as the night in his charities; for
 nobody knows of them till the gratitude of the benefited will not let
 them be concealed. He is now and then my almoner, and, I believe, always
 adds to my little benefactions.
 But his time is not come to be praised to his face for these things; nor
 does he seem to want that encouragement.
 The man certainly has a good mind. Nor can we expect in one man every
 good quality. But he is really a silly fellow, my dear, to trouble his
 head about me, when he sees how much I despise his whole sex; and
 must of course make a common man look like a fool, were he not to
 make himself look like one, by wishing to pitch his tent so oddly. Our
 likings and dislikings, as I have often thought, are seldom governed by
 prudence, or with a view to happiness. The eye, my dear, the wicked eye,
 has such a strict alliance with the heart--and both have such enmity to
 the judgment!--What an unequal union, the mind and body! All the senses,
 like the family at Harlowe-place, in a confederacy against that which
 would animate, and give honour to the whole, were it allowed its proper
 precedence.
 Permit me, I beseech you, before you go to London to send you
 forty-eight guineas. I mention that sum to oblige you, because, by
 accepting back the two to Hannah, I will hold you indebted to me
 fifty.--Surely this will induce you! You know that I cannot want the
 money. I told you that I had near double that sum, and that the half of
 it is more than my mother knows I am mistress of. You are afraid that my
 mother will question me on this subject; and then you think I must own
 the truth. But little as I love equivocation, and little as you would
 allow of it in your Anna Howe, it is hard if I cannot (were I to be put
 to it ever so closely) find something to say that would bring me off,
