and populous towns occupy the scene.
 We travelled at the time of the vintage and heard the song of the
 labourers as we glided down the stream.  Even I, depressed in mind, and
 my spirits continually agitated by gloomy feelings, even I was pleased.
 I lay at the bottom of the boat, and as I gazed on the cloudless blue
 sky, I seemed to drink in a tranquillity to which I had long been a
 stranger.  And if these were my sensations, who can describe those of
 Henry?  He felt as if he had been transported to fairy-land and enjoyed
 a happiness seldom tasted by man.  "I have seen," he said, "the most
 beautiful scenes of my own country; I have visited the lakes of Lucerne
 and Uri, where the snowy mountains descend almost perpendicularly to
 the water, casting black and impenetrable shades, which would cause a
 gloomy and mournful appearance were it not for the most verdant islands
 that believe the eye by their gay appearance; I have seen this lake
 agitated by a tempest, when the wind tore up whirlwinds of water and
 gave you an idea of what the water-spout must be on the great ocean;
 and the waves dash with fury the base of the mountain, where the priest
 and his mistress were overwhelmed by an avalanche and where their dying
 voices are still said to be heard amid the pauses of the nightly wind;
 I have seen the mountains of La Valais, and the Pays de Vaud; but this
 country, Victor, pleases me more than all those wonders.  The mountains
 of Switzerland are more majestic and strange, but there is a charm in
 the banks of this divine river that I never before saw equalled.  Look
 at that castle which overhangs yon precipice; and that also on the
 island, almost concealed amongst the foliage of those lovely trees; and
 now that group of labourers coming from among their vines; and that
 village half hid in the recess of the mountain.  Oh, surely the spirit
 that inhabits and guards this place has a soul more in harmony with man
 than those who pile the glacier or retire to the inaccessible peaks of
 the mountains of our own country." Clerval!  Beloved friend!  Even now
