appear to her, that should so totally turn her heart against me, herself
 not a principal in the case?
 There are other duties, you say, besides the filial duty: but that, my
 dear, must be a duty prior to all other duties; a duty anterior, as I
 may say, to your very birth: and what duty ought not to give way to that,
 when they come in competition?
 You are persuaded, that the duty to your friend, and the filial duty,
 may be performed without derogating from either. Your mother thinks
 otherwise. What is the conclusion to be drawn from these premises?
 When your mother sees, how much I suffer in my reputation from the step
 I have taken, from whom she and all the world expected better things,
 how much reason has she to be watchful over you! One evil draws on
 another after it; and how knows she, or any body, where it may stop?
 Does not the person who will vindicate, or seek to extenuate, a faulty
 step in another [in this light must your mother look upon the matter in
 question between her and you] give an indication either of a culpable
 will, or a weak judgment; and may not she apprehend, that the censorious
 will think, that such a one might probably have equally failed under the
 same inducements and provocations, to use your own words, as applied to
 me in a former letter?
 Can there be a stronger instance in human lie than mine has so early
 furnished, within a few months past, (not to mention the uncommon
 provocations to it, which I have met with,) of the necessity of the
 continuance of a watchful parent's care over a daughter: let that
 daughter have obtained ever so great a reputation for her prudence?
 Is not the space from sixteen to twenty-one that which requires this
 care, more than at any time of a young woman's life? For in that period
 do we not generally attract the eyes of the other sex, and become the
 subject of their addresses, and not seldom of their attempts? And is not
 that the period in which our conduct or misconduct gives us a reputation
