her with an agreeable self-confidence.
 What a lot have I drawn!--We are all indeed apt to turn teachers--but,
 surely, I am better enabled to talk, to write, upon these subjects,
 than ever I was. But I will banish myself, if possible, from an address
 which, when I began to write, I was determined to confine wholly to your
 own particular.
 My dearest, dearest friend, how ready are you to tell us what others
 should do, and even what a mother should have done! But indeed you once,
 I remember, advanced, that, as different attainments required different
 talents to master them, so, in the writing way, a person might not be a
 bad critic upon the works of others, although he might himself be unable
 to write with excellence. But will you permit me to account for all this
 readiness of finding fault, by placing it to human nature, which, being
 sensible of the defects of human nature, (that is to say, of its own
 defects,) loves to be correcting? But in exercising that talent, chooses
 rather to turn its eye outward than inward? In other words, to employ
 itself rather in the out-door search, than in the in-door examination.
 And here give me leave to add, (and yet it is with tender reluctance,)
 that although you say very pretty things of notable wives; and
 although I join with you in opinion, that husbands may have as many
 inconveniencies to encounter with, as conveniencies to boast of, from
 women, of that character; yet Lady Hartley perhaps would have had milder
 treatment from your pen, had it not been dipped in gall with a mother in
 your eye.
 As to the money, you so generously and repeatedly offer, don't be angry
 with me, if I again say, that I am very desirous that you should be able
 to aver, without the least qualifying or reserve, that nothing of that
 sort has passed between us. I know your mother's strong way of putting
 the question she is intent upon having answered. But yet I promise that
 I will be obliged to nobody but you, when I have occasion.
