through this letter, and through all my future letters; that is, that
 I will treat you as freely as you treat me; and yet will never think an
 apology necessary to you for my freedom.
 But that you so think with respect to me is the effect of your
 gentleness of temper, with a little sketch of implied reflection on the
 warmth of mine. Gentleness in a woman you hold to be no fault: nor do I
 a little due or provoked warmth--But what is this, but praising on both
 sides what what neither of us can help, nor perhaps wish to help? You
 can no more go out of your road, than I can go out of mine. It would be
 a pain to either to do so: What then is it in either's approving of her
 own natural bias, but making a virtue of necessity?
 But one observation I will add, that were your character, and my
 character, to be truly drawn, mine would be allowed to be the most
 natural. Shades and lights are equally necessary in a fine picture.
 Yours would be surrounded with such a flood of brightness, with such a
 glory, that it would indeed dazzle; but leave one heartless to imitate
 O may you not suffer from a base world for your gentleness; while my
 temper, by its warmth, keeping all imposition at a distance, though
 less amiable in general, affords me not reason, as I have mentioned
 heretofore, to wish to make an exchange with you!
 I should indeed be inexcusable to open my lips by way of contradiction
 to my mother, had I such a fine spirit as yours to deal with. Truth is
 truth, my dear! Why should narrowness run away with the praises due to a
 noble expansion of heart? If every body would speak out, as I do, (that
 is to say, give praise where only praise is due; dispraise where due
 likewise,) shame, if not principle, would mend the world--nay, shame
 would introduce principle in a generation or two. Very true, my dear. Do
 you apply. I dare not.--For I fear you, almost as much as I love you.
 I will give you an instance, nevertheless, which will a-new demonstrate,
 that none but very generous and noble-minded people ought to be
