fidelity, and his contrivances to keep our secret, and his excuses,
 and his evasions to my mother, when challenged by her; with fifty ana's
 beside: and will it not moreover give him pretence and excuse oftener
 than ever to pad-nag it hither to good Mrs. Howe's fair daughter?
 But to admit him into my company tete-a-tete, and into my closet, as
 often as I would wish to write to you, I only dictate to his pen--my
 mother all the time supposing that I was going to be heartily in love
 with him--to make him master of my sentiments, and of my heart, as I may
 say, when I write to you--indeed, my dear, I won't. Nor, were I married
 to the best HE in England, would I honour him with the communication of
 my correspondences.
 No, my dear, it is sufficient, surely, for him to parade in the
 character of our letter-conveyor, and to be honoured in a cover, and
 never fear but, modest as you think him, he will make enough of that.
 You are always blaming me for want of generosity to this man, and for
 abuse of power. But I profess, my dear, I cannot tell how to help it.
 Do, dear, now, let me spread my plumes a little, and now-and-then make
 myself feared. This is my time, you know, since it would be no more to
 my credit than to his, to give myself those airs when I am married. He
 has a joy when I am pleased with him that he would not know, but for the
 pain my displeasure gives him.
 Men, no more than women, know how to make a moderate use of power. Is
 not that seen every day, from the prince to the peasant? If I do not
 make Hickman quake now-and-then, he will endeavour to make me fear. All
 the animals in the creation are more or less in a state of hostility
 with each other. The wolf, that runs away from a lion, will devour a
 lamb the next moment. I remember, that I was once so enraged at a game
 chicken that was continually pecking at another (a poor humble one, as I
 thought him) that I had the offender caught, and without more ado, in a
 pet of humanity, wrung his neck off. What followed this execution? Why
