Surely he had not the insolence to intend to tease me, to see if I could
 be brought to speak what became me not to speak. But whether he had or
 not, it did tease me; insomuch that my very heart was fretted, and I
 broke out, at last, into fresh tears, and a declaration that I was very
 unhappy. And just then recollecting how like a tame fool I stood with
 his arms about me, I flung from him with indignation. But he seized my
 hand, as I was going out of the room, and upon his knees besought my
 stay for one moment: and then, in words the most clear and explicit,
 tendered himself to my acceptance, as the most effectual means to
 disappoint my brother's scheme, and set all right.
 But what could I say to this?--Extorted from him, as it seemed to me,
 rather as the effect of his compassion than his love? What could I say?
 I paused, I looked silly--I am sure I looked very silly. He suffered me
 to pause, and look silly; waiting for me to say something: and at last
 (ashamed of my confusion, and aiming to make an excuse for it) I told
 him that I desired he would avoid such measures as might add to the
 uneasiness which it must be visible to him I had, when he reflected upon
 the irreconcilableness of my friends, and upon what might follow from
 this unaccountable project of my brother.
 He promised to be governed by me in every thing. And again the wretch,
 instead of pressing his former question, asked me, If I forgave him for
 the humble suit he had made to me? What had I to do but to try for a
 palliation of my confusion, since it served me not?
 I told him I had hopes it would not be long before Mr. Morden arrived;
 and doubted not that that gentleman would be the readier to engage in my
 favour, when he found that I made no other use of his (Mr. Lovelace's)
 assistance, than to free myself from the addresses of a man so
 disagreeable to me as Mr. Solmes: I must therefore wish that every thing
 might remain as it was till I could hear from my cousin.
 This, although teased by him as I was, was not, you see, my dear,
