fellow men; this barrier was sealed with the blood of William and
 Justine, and to reflect on the events connected with those names filled
 my soul with anguish.
 But in Clerval I saw the image of my former self; he was inquisitive
 and anxious to gain experience and instruction.  The difference of
 manners which he observed was to him an inexhaustible source of
 instruction and amusement.  He was also pursuing an object he had long
 had in view.  His design was to visit India, in the belief that he had
 in his knowledge of its various languages, and in the views he had
 taken of its society, the means of materially assisting the progress of
 European colonization and trade.  In Britain only could he further the
 execution of his plan.  He was forever busy, and the only check to his
 enjoyments was my sorrowful and dejected mind.  I tried to conceal this
 as much as possible, that I might not debar him from the pleasures
 natural to one who was entering on a new scene of life, undisturbed by
 any care or bitter recollection.  I often refused to accompany him,
 alleging another engagement, that I might remain alone.  I now also
 began to collect the materials necessary for my new creation, and this
 was to me like the torture of single drops of water continually falling
 on the head.  Every thought that was devoted to it was an extreme
 anguish, and every word that I spoke in allusion to it caused my lips
 to quiver, and my heart to palpitate.
 After passing some months in London, we received a letter from a person
 in Scotland who had formerly been our visitor at Geneva.  He mentioned
 the beauties of his native country and asked us if those were not
 sufficient allurements to induce us to prolong our journey as far north
 as Perth, where he resided.  Clerval eagerly desired to accept this
 invitation, and I, although I abhorred society, wished to view again
 mountains and streams and all the wondrous works with which Nature
 adorns her chosen dwelling-places.  We had arrived in England at the
