Persevere, therefore, Joseph, honest Joseph, persevere; and unlikely as
 you may imagine the means, our desires will at last be obtained.
 We have nothing for it now, but to go through with our work in the way
 we have begun. For since (as I told you in my last) my beloved mistrusts
 you, she will blow you up, if she be not mine; if she be, I can, and
 will, protect you; and as, if there will be any fault, in her opinion,
 it will be rather mine than yours, she must forgive you, and keep her
 husband's secrets, for the sake of his reputation; else she will be
 guilty of a great failure in her duty. So now you have set your hand to
 the plough, Joseph, there is no looking back.
 And what is the consequence of all this: one labour more, and that will
 be all that will fall to your lot; at least, of consequence.
 My beloved is resolved not to think of marriage till she has tried
 to move her friends to a reconciliation with her. You know they are
 determined not to be reconciled. She has it in her head, I doubt not,
 to make me submit to the people I hate; and if I did, they would rather
 insult me, than receive my condescension as they ought. She even owns,
 that she will renounce me, if they insist upon it, provided they will
 give up Solmes: so, to all appearance, I am still as far as ever from
 the happiness of calling her mine; Indeed I am more likely than ever to
 lose her, (if I cannot contrive some way to avail myself of the present
 critical situation;) and then, Joseph, all I have been studying, and all
 you have been doing, will signify nothing.
 At the place where we are, we cannot long be private. The lodgings
 are inconvenient for us, while both together, and while she refuses
 to marry. She wants to get me at a distance from her; there are
 extraordinary convenient lodgings, in my eye, in London, where we
 could be private, and all mischief avoided. When there, (if I get
 her thither,) she will insist that I leave her. Miss Howe is for ever
 putting her upon contrivances. That, you know, is the reason I have been
