it; Arabella will be overjoyed at any thing that will help forward her
 revenge upon me; and will reveal it (if her brother do not) to her uncle
 Antony; he probably will whisper it to Mrs. Howe; she can keep nothing
 from her daughter, though they are always jangling. Her daughter will
 acquaint my beloved with it. And if it will not, or if it will, come to
 my ears from some of those, you can write it to me, as in confidence, by
 way of preventing msicheif; which is the study of us both.
 I can then show it to my beloved; then will she be for placing a greater
 confidence in me--that will convince me of her love, which I am now
 sometimes ready to doubt. She will be for hastening to the safer
 lodgings. I shall have a pretence to stay about her person, as a guard.
 She will be convinced that there is no expectation to be had of a
 reconciliation. You can give James Harlowe and Singleton continual false
 scents, as I shall direct you; so that no mischief can possibly happen.
 And what will be the happy, happy, thrice happy consequence?--The lady
 will be mine in an honourable way, we shall all be friends in good time.
 The two guineas will be an agreeable addition to the many gratuities I
 have helped you to, by the like contrivances, from this stingy family.
 Your reputation, both for head and heart, as I hinted before, will be
 heightened. The Blue Boar also will be yours; nor shall you have the
 least difficulty about raising money to buy the stock, if it be worth
 your while to have it.
 Betty will likewise then be yours. You have both saved money, it seems.
 The whole Harlowe family, whom you have so faithfully served, ['tis
 serving them, surely, to prevent the mischief which their violent
 son would have brought upon them,] will throw you in somewhat towards
 housekeeping. I will still add to your store--so nothing but happiness
 before you!
 Crow, Joseph, crow!--a dunghill of thy own in view; servants to snub at
 thy pleasure; a wife to quarrel with, or to love, as thy humour leads
