memory of the past and the anticipation of the future.  I was formed
 for peaceful happiness.  During my youthful days discontent never
 visited my mind, and if I was ever overcome by ennui, the sight of what
 is beautiful in nature or the study of what is excellent and sublime in
 the productions of man could always interest my heart and communicate
 elasticity to my spirits.  But I am a blasted tree; the bolt has
 entered my soul; and I felt then that I should survive to exhibit what
 I shall soon cease to be--a miserable spectacle of wrecked humanity,
 pitiable to others and intolerable to myself.
 We passed a considerable period at Oxford, rambling among its environs
 and endeavouring to identify every spot which might relate to the most
 animating epoch of English history.  Our little voyages of discovery
 were often prolonged by the successive objects that presented
 themselves.  We visited the tomb of the illustrious Hampden and the
 field on which that patriot fell.  For a moment my soul was elevated
 from its debasing and miserable fears to contemplate the divine ideas
 of liberty and self sacrifice of which these sights were the monuments
 and the remembrancers.  For an instant I dared to shake off my chains
 and look around me with a free and lofty spirit, but the iron had eaten
 into my flesh, and I sank again, trembling and hopeless, into my
 miserable self.
 We left Oxford with regret and proceeded to Matlock, which was our next
 place of rest.  The country in the neighbourhood of this village
 resembled, to a greater degree, the scenery of Switzerland; but
 everything is on a lower scale, and the green hills want the crown of
 distant white Alps which always attend on the piny mountains of my
 native country.  We visited the wondrous cave and the little cabinets
 of natural history, where the curiosities are disposed in the same
 manner as in the collections at Servox and Chamounix.  The latter name
 made me tremble when pronounced by Henry, and I hastened to quit
