I was the willinger to suspend my journey thither till I heard from
 Harlowe-place. I thought, if I could be encouraged to hope for a
 reconciliation, I would let this man see, that he should not have me in
 his power, but upon my own terms, if at all.
 But I find I must be his, whether I will or not; and perhaps through
 still greater mortifications than those great ones which I have already
 met with--And must I be so absolutely thrown upon a man, with whom I am
 not at all satisfied!
 My letter is sent, you see, to Harlowe-place. My heart aches for the
 reception it may meet with there.
 One comfort only arises to me from its being sent; that my aunt will
 clear herself, by the communication, from the supposition of having
 corresponded with the poor creature whom they have all determine to
 reprobate. It is no small part of my misfortune that I have weakened the
 confidence one dear friend has in another, and made one look cool upon
 another. My poor cousin Dolly, you see, has reason to regret on this
 account, as well as my aunt. Miss Howe, my dear Miss Howe, is but too
 sensible of the effects of my fault, having had more words with her
 mother on my account, than ever she had on any other. Yet the man who
 has drawn me into all this evil I must be thrown upon!--Much did I
 consider, much did I apprehend, before my fault, supposing I were to be
 guilty of it: but I saw it not in all its shocking lights.
 And now, to know that my father, an hour before he received the tidings
 of my supposed flight, owned that he loved me as his life: that he would
 have been all condescension: that he would--Oh! my dear, how tender, how
 mortifyingly tender now in him! My aunt need not have been afraid, that
 it should be known that she has sent me such a letter as this!--A father
 to kneel to his child!--There would not indeed have been any bearing of
 that!--What I should have done in such a case, I know not. Death
 would have been much more welcome to me than such a sight, on such an
