occasion, in behalf of a man so very, very disgustful to me!--But I had
 deserve annihilation, had I suffered my father to kneel in vain.
 Yet, had but the sacrifice of inclination and personal preference been
 all, less than KNEELING should have been done. My duty should have been
 the conqueror of my inclination. But an aversion--an aversion so
 very sincere!--The triumph of a cruel and ambitious brother, ever so
 uncontroulable, joined with the insults of an envious sister, bringing
 wills to theirs, which otherwise would have been favourable to me: the
 marriage-duties, so absolutely indispensable, so solemnly to be engaged
 for: the marriage-intimacies (permit me to say to you, my friend, what
 the purest, although with apprehension, must think of) so very
 intimate: myself one who has never looked upon any duty, much less a
 voluntary-vowed one, with indifference; could it have been honest in me
 to have given my hand to an odious hand, and to have consented to such a
 more than reluctant, such an immiscible union, if I may so call it?--For
 life too!--Did not I think more and deeper than most young creatures
 think; did I not weigh, did I not reflect, I might perhaps have been
 less obstinate.--Delicacy, (may I presume to call it?) thinking,
 weighing, reflection, are not blessings (I he not found them such) in
 the degree I have them. I wish I had been able, in some very nice
 cases, to have known what indifference was; yet not to have my ignorance
 imputable to me as a fault. Oh! my dear! the finer sensibilities, if I
 may suppose mine to be such, make not happy.
 What a method had my friends intended to take with me! This, I dare
 say, was a method chalked out by my brother. He, I suppose, was to have
 presented me to all my assembled friends, as the daughter capable of
 preferring her own will to the wills of them all. It would have been a
 sore trial, no doubt. Would to Heaven, however, I had stood it--let the
 issue have been what it would, would to Heaven I had stood it!
 There may be murder, my aunt says. This looks as if she knew of
