more cheerfully to London on that account: for, before, a heavy weight
 hung upon my heart; and although I thought it best and safest to go,
 yet my spirits sunk, I know not why, at every motion I made towards a
 preparation for it.
 I hope no mischief will happen on the road.--I hope these violent
 spirits will not meet.
 Every one is waiting for me.--Pardon me, my best, my kindest friend,
 that I return your Norris. In these more promising prospects, I cannot
 have occasion for your favour. Besides, I have some hope that with my
 clothes they will send me the money I wrote for, although it is denied
 me in the letter. If they do not, and if I should have occasion, I can
 but signify my wants to so ready a friend. And I have promised to be
 obliged only to you. But I had rather methinks you should have it still
 to say, if challenged, that nothing of this nature has been either
 requested or done. I say this with a view entirely to my future hopes
 of recovering your mother's favour, which, next to that of my own father
 and mother, I am most solicitous to recover.
 I must acquaint you wit one thing more, notwithstanding my hurry; and
 that is, that Mr. Lovelace offered either to attend me to Lord M.'s, or
 to send for his chaplain, yesterday. He pressed me to consent to this
 proposal most earnestly, and even seemed desirous rather to have the
 ceremony pass here than at London: for when there, I had told him, it
 was time enough to consider of so weighty and important a matter. Now,
 upon the receipt of your kind, your consolatory letter, methinks I
 could almost wish it had been in my power to comply with his earnest
 solicitations. But this dreadful letter has unhinged my whole frame.
 Then some little punctilio surely is necessary. No preparation made.
 No articles drawn. No license ready. Grief so extreme: no pleasure in
 prospect, nor so much as in wish--O my dear, who could think of entering
 into so solemn an engagement? Who, so unprepared, could seem to be so
