But my dear, you have outlived your first passion; and had the second
 man been an angel, he would not have been more than indifferent to you.
 My motives for suspending, proceeds she, were not merely ceremonious
 ones. I was really very ill. I could not hold up my head. The contents
 of my sister's letters had pierced my heart. Indeed, my dear, I was very
 ill. And was I, moreover, to be as ready to accept his offer as if I
 were afraid he never would repeat it?
 I see with great regret that your mamma is still immovably bent against
 our correspondence. What shall I do about it?--It goes against me to
 continue it, or to wish you to favour me with returns.--Yet I have so
 managed my matters that I have no friend but you to advise with. It is
 enough to make one indeed wish to be married to this man, though a man
 of errors, as he has worthy relations of my own sex; and I should have
 some friends, I hope:--and having some, I might have more--for as
 money is said to increase money, so does the countenance of persons of
 character increase friends: while the destitute must be destitute.--It
 goes against my heart to beg of you to discontinue corresponding with
 me; and yet it is against my conscience to carry it on against parental
 prohibition. But I dare not use all the arguments against it that I
 could use--And why?--For fear I should convince you; and you should
 reject me as the rest of my friends have done. I leave therefore the
 determination of this point upon you.--I am not, I find, to be trusted
 with it. But be mine all the fault, and all the punishment, if it be
 punishable!--And certainly it must, when it can be the cause of the
 letter I have before me, and which I must no farther animadvert upon,
 because you forbid me to do so.
 [To the second letter, among other things, she says,]
 So, my dear, you seem to think that there was a fate in my error. The
 cordial, the considerate friendship is seen in the observation you make
 on this occasion. Yet since things have happened as they have, would
