had already run her stubborn neck into my gin, and knew not that she was
 caught, for I had not drawn my springs close about her--And just as
 all this was completed, wouldst thou believe, that I should be my own
 enemy, and her friend? That I should be so totally diverted from all my
 favourite purposes, as to propose to marry her before I went to town, in
 order to put it out of my own power to resume them.
 When thou knowest this, wilt thou not think that my black angel plays me
 booty, and has taken it into his head to urge me on to the indissoluble
 tie, that he might be more sure of me (from the complex transgressions
 to which he will certainly stimulate me, when wedded) than perhaps
 he thought he could be from the simple sins, in which I have so long
 allowed myself, that they seem to have the plea of habit?
 Thou wilt be still the more surprised, when I tell thee, that there
 seems to be a coalition going forward between the black angels and the
 white ones; for here has her's induced her, in one hour, and by one
 retrograde accident, to acknowledge what the charming creature never
 before acknowledged, a preferable favour for me. She even avows an
 intention to be mine.--Mine! without reformation-conditions!--She
 permits me to talk of love to her!--of the irrevocable ceremony!--Yet,
 another extraordinary! postpones that ceremony; chooses to set out for
 London; and even to go to the widow's in town.
 Well, but how comes all this about? methinks thou askest.--Thou,
 Lovelace, dealest in wonders, yet aimest not at the marvellous!--How did
 all this come about?
 I will tell thee--I was in danger of losing my charmer for ever! She was
 soaring upward to her native skies! She was got above earth, by means
 too, of the earth-born! And something extraordinary was to be done to
 keep her with us sublunaries. And what so effectually as the soothing
 voice of Love, and the attracting offer of matrimony from a man
 not hated, can fix the attention of the maiden heart, aching with
