so strong? Why rises it to my throat in such half-choking flutters, when
 I think of what this removal may do for me? I am hitherto resolved to
 be honest, and that increases my wonder at these involuntary commotions.
 'Tis a plotting villain of a heart: it ever was--and ever will be, I
 doubt. Such a joy when any roguery is going forward!--I so little its
 master!--A head, likewise, so well turned to answer the triangular
 varlet's impulses!--No matter--I will have one struggle with thee, old
 friend; and if I cannot overcome thee now, I never will again attempt to
 conquer thee.
 The dear creature continues extremely low and dejected. Tender blossom!
 how unfit to contend with the rude and ruffling winds of passion, and
 haughty and insolent control!--Never till now from under the wing (it is
 not enough to say of indulging, but) of admiring parents; the mother's
 bosom only fit to receive this charming flower!
 This was the reflection, that, with mingled compassion, and augmented
 love, arose to my mind, when I beheld the charmer reposing her lovely
 face upon the bosom of the widow Sorlings, from a recovered fit, as I
 entered soon after she had received her execrable sister's letter. How
 lovely in her tears!--And as I entered, her uplifted face significantly
 bespeaking my protection, as I thought. And can I be a villain to such
 an angel!--I hope not--But why, Belford, why, once more, puttest thou
 me in mind, that she may be overcome? And why is her own reliance on my
 honour so late and so reluctantly shown?
 But, after all, so low, so dejected, continues she to be, that I am
 terribly afraid I shall have a vapourish wife, if I do marry. I should
 then be doubly undone. Not that I shall be much at home with her,
 perhaps, after the first fortnight, or so. But when a man has been
 ranging, like the painful bee, from flower to flower, perhaps for a
 month together, and the thoughts of home and a wife begin to have their
 charms with him, to be received by a Niobe, who, like a wounded vine,
