Hannah should come, or till I had provided myself with some other
 servant.  The widow gave her many good qualities; but said, that she had
 one great defect; which was, that she could not write, nor read writing;
 that part of her education having been neglected when she was young; but
 for discretion, fidelity, obligingness, she was not to be out-done by any
 body.  So commented her likewise for her skill at the needle.
 As for her defect, I can easily forgive that.  She is very likely and
 genteel--too genteel indeed, I think, for a servant.  But what I like
 least of all in her, she has a strange sly eye.  I never saw such an eye;
 half-confident, I think.  But indeed Mrs. Sinclair herself, (for that is
 the widow's name,) has an odd winking eye; and her respectfulness seems
 too much studied, methinks, for the London ease and freedom.  But people
 can't help their looks, you know; and after all she is extremely civil
 and obliging,--and as for the young woman, (Dorcas is her name,) she will
 not be long with me.
 I accepted her: How could I do otherwise, (if I had had a mind to make
 objections, which, in my present situation, I had not,) her aunt present,
 and the young woman also present; and Mr. Lovelace officious in his
 introducing them, to oblige me?  But, upon their leaving me, I told him,
 (who seemed inclinable to begin a conversation with me,) that I desired
 that this apartment might be considered as my retirement: that when I saw
 him it might be in the dining-room, (which is up a few stairs; for this
 back-house, being once two, the rooms do not all of them very
 conveniently communicate with each other,) and that I might be as little
 broken in upon as possible, when I am here.  He withdrew very
 respectfully to the door, but there stopt; and asked for my company then
 in the dining-room.  If he were about setting out for other lodgings, I
 would go with him now, I told him; but, if he did not just then go, I
 would first finish my letter to Miss Howe.
 I see he has no mind to leave me if he can help it.  My brother's scheme
