know the loss of a husband so dear to me, as her beloved Colonel was to
 her: and she again put the handkerchief to her eyes.
 It must, no doubt, be a most affecting thing to be separated from a good
 husband, and to be left in difficult circumstances besides, and that not
 by his fault, and exposed to the insults of the base and ungrateful, as
 she represented her case to be at his death.  This moved me a good deal
 in her favour.
 You know, my dear, that I have an open and free heart; and naturally have
 as open and free a countenance; at least my complimenters have told me
 so.  At once, where I like, I mingle minds without reserve, encouraging
 reciprocal freedoms, and am forward to dissipate diffidences.  But with
 these two nieces of the widow I never can be intimate--I don't know why.
 Only that circumstances, and what passed in conversation, encouraged not
 the notion, or I should have been apt to think, that the young ladies and
 Mr. Lovelace were of longer acquaintance than of yesterday.  For he, by
 stealth as it were, cast glances sometimes at them, when they returned;
 and, on my ocular notice, their eyes fell, as I may say, under my eye, as
 if they could not stand its examination.
 The widow directed all her talk to me, as to Mrs. Lovelace; and I, with a
 very ill grace bore it.  And once she expressed more forwardly than I
 thanked her for, her wonder that any vow, any consideration, however
 weighty, could have force enough with so charming a couple, as she called
 him and me, to make us keep separate beds.
 Their eyes, upon this hint, had the advantage of mine.  Yet was I not
 conscious of guilt.  How know I then, upon recollection, that my censures
 upon theirs are not too rash?  There are, no doubt, many truly modest
 persons (putting myself out of the question) who, by blushes at an
 injurious charge, have been suspected, by those who cannot distinguish
 between the confusion which guilt will be attended with, and the noble
 consciousness that overspreads the face of a fine spirit, to be thought
