entanglements of amour, and I the delicacies of intrigue, what is there,
 Belford, in all they can do for us?
 How do these creatures endeavour to stimulate me!  A fallen woman is a
 worse devil than ever a profligate man.  The former is incapable of
 remorse: that am not I--nor ever shall they prevail upon me, though aided
 by all the powers of darkness, to treat this admirable creature with
 indignity--so far, I mean, as indignity can be separated from the trials
 which will prove her to be either woman or angel.
 Yet with them I am a craven.  I might have had her before now, if I
 would.  If I would treat her as flesh and blood, I should find her such.
 They thought I knew, if any man living did, that if a man made a goddess
 of a woman, she would assume the goddess; that if power were given to
 her, she would exert that power to the giver, if to nobody else.  And
 D----r's wife is thrown into my dish, who, thou knowest, kept her
 ceremonious husband at haughty distance, and whined in private to her
 insulting footman.  O how I cursed the blasphemous wretches!  They will
 make me, as I tell them, hate their house, and remove from it.  And by my
 soul, Jack, I am ready at times to think that I should not have brought
 her hither, were it but on Sally's account.  And yet, without knowing
 either Sally's heart, or Polly's, the dear creature resolves against
 having any conversation with them but such as she can avoid.  I am not
 sorry for this, thou mayest think; since jealousy in a woman is not to be
 concealed from woman.  And Sally has no command of herself.
 What dost think!--Here this little devil Sally, not being able, as she
 told me, to support life under my displeasure, was going into a fit: but
 when I saw her preparing for it, I went out of the room; and so she
 thought it would not be worth her while to show away.
 [In this manner he mentions what his meaning was in making the Lady the
    compliment of his absence:]
 As to leaving her: if I go but for one night, I have fulfilled my
