it is at stake?  You may spare yourself the trouble of writing to any of
 your friends, till the solemnity has passed that shall entitle me to give
 weight to your application.  When they know we are married, your
 brother's plots will be at an end; and your father and mother, and
 uncles, must be reconciled to you.  Why then should you hesitate a moment
 to confirm my happiness?  Why, once more, would you banish me from you?
 Why will you not give the man who has brought you into difficulties, and
 who so honourably wishes to extricate you from them, the happiness of
 doing so?
 He was silent.  My voice failed to second the inclination I had to say
 something not wholly discouraging to a point so warmly pressed.
 I'll tell you, my angel, resumed he, what I propose to do, if you approve
 of it.  I will instantly go out to view some of the handsome new squares
 or fine streets round them, and make a report to you of any suitable
 house I find to be let. I will take such a one as you shall choose, and
 set up an equipage befitting our condition.  You shall direct the whole.
 And on some early day, either before, or after we fix, [it must be at
 your own choice], be pleased to make me the happiest of men.  And then
 will every thing be in a desirable train.  You shall receive in your own
 house (if it can be so soon furnished as I wish) the compliments of all
 my relations.  Charlotte shall visit you in the interim: and if it take
 up time, you shall choose whom you will honour with your company, first,
 second, or third, in the summer months; and on your return you shall find
 all that was wanting in your new habitation supplied, and pleasures in a
 constant round shall attend us.  O my angel, take me to you, instead of
 banishing me from you, and make me your's for ever.
 You see, my dear, that here was no day pressed for.  I was not uneasy
 about that, and the sooner recovered myself, as there was not.  But,
 however, I gave him no reason to upbraid me for refusing his offer of
 going in search of a house.
