She may doubt.  She may fear.  The wise in all important cases will
 doubt, and will fear, till they are sure.  But her apparent willingness
 to think well of a spirit so inventive, and so machinating, is a happy
 prognostic for me.  O these reasoning ladies!--How I love these reasoning
 ladies!--'Tis all over with them, when once love has crept into their
 hearts: for then will they employ all their reasoning powers to excuse
 rather than to blame the conduct of the doubted lover, let appearances
 against him be ever so strong.
 Mowbray, Belton, and Tourville, long to see my angel, and will be there.
 She has refused me; but must be present notwithstanding.  So generous a
 spirit as mine is cannot enjoy its happiness without communication.  If I
 raise not your envy and admiration both at once, but half-joy will be the
 joy of having such a charming fly entangled in my web.  She therefore
 must comply.  And thou must come.  And then I will show thee the pride and
 glory of the Harlowe family, my implacable enemies; and thou shalt join
 with me in my triumph over them all.
 I know not what may still be the perverse beauty's fate: I want thee,
 therefore, to see and admire her, while she is serene and full of hope:
 before her apprehensions are realized, if realized they are to be; and if
 evil apprehensions of me she really has; before her beamy eyes have lost
 their lustre; while yet her charming face is surrounded with all its
 virgin glories; and before the plough of disappointment has thrown up
 furrows of distress upon every lovely feature.
 If I can procure you this honour you will be ready to laugh out, as I
 have often much ado to forbear, at the puritanical behaviour of the
 mother before this lady.  Not an oath, not a curse, nor the least free
 word, escapes her lips.  She minces in her gait.  She prims up her
 horse-mouth.  Her voice, which, when she pleases, is the voice of
 thunder, is sunk into an humble whine.  Her stiff hams, that have not
 been bent to a civility for ten years past, are now limbered into
