the mother, gorgeously dressed, with all her Jew's extravagance flaming
 out upon her; and first induce, then countenance, the lady.  She has her
 cue, and I hope will make her acquaintance coveted by my charmer.
 Miss Partington's history is this: the daughter of Colonel Sinclair's
 brother-in-law: that brother-in-law may have been a Turkey-merchant, or
 any merchant, who died confoundedly rich: the colonel one of her
 guardians [collateral credit in that to the old one:] whence she always
 calls Mrs. Sinclair Mamma, though not succeeding to the trust.
 She is just come to pass a day or two, and then to return to her
 surviving guardian's at Barnet.
 Miss Partington has suitors a little hundred (her grandmother, an
 alderman's dowager, having left her a great additional fortune,) and is
 not trusted out of her guardian's house without an old governante, noted
 for discretion, except to her Mamma Sinclair, with whom now-and-then she
 is permitted to be for a week together.
 Pris. will Mamma-up Mrs. Sinclair, and will undertake to court her
 guardian to let her pass a delightful week with her--Sir Edward Holden he
 may as well be, if your shallow pates will not be clogged with too many
 circumstantials.  Lady Holden, perhaps, will come with her; for she
 always delighted in her Mamma Sinclair's company, and talks of her, and
 her good management, twenty times a day.
 Be it principally thy part, Jack, who art a parading fellow, and aimest
 at wisdom, to keep thy brother-varlets from blundering; for, as thou must
 have observed from what I have written, we have the most watchful and
 most penetrating lady in the world to deal with; a lady worth deceiving!
 but whose eyes will piece to the bottom of your shallow souls the moment
 she hears you open.  Do you therefore place thyself between Mowbray and
 Tourville: their toes to be played upon and commanded by thine, if they
 go wrong: thy elbows to be the ministers of approbation.
 As to your general behaviour; no hypocrisy!--I hate it: so does my
