charmer.  If I had studied for it, I believe I could have been an
 hypocrite: but my general character is so well known, that I should have
 been suspected at once, had I aimed at making myself too white.  But what
 necessity can there be for hypocrisy, unless the generality of the sex
 were to refuse us for our immoralities?  The best of them love to have
 the credit for reforming us.  Let the sweet souls try for it: if they
 fail, their intent was good.  That will be a consolation to them.  And as
 to us, our work will be the easier; our sins the fewer: since they will
 draw themselves in with a very little of our help; and we shall save a
 parcel of cursed falsehoods, and appear to be what we are both to angels
 and men.--Mean time their very grandmothers will acquit us, and reproach
 them with their self-do, self-have, and as having erred against
 knowledge, and ventured against manifest appearances.  What folly,
 therefore, for men of our character to be hypocrites!
 Be sure to instruct the rest, and do thou thyself remember, not to talk
 obscenely.  You know I never permitted any of you to talk obscenely.
 Time enough for that, when ye grow old, and can ONLY talk.  Besides, ye
 must consider Prisc.'s affected character, my goddess's real one.  Far
 from obscenity, therefore, do not so much as touch upon the double
 entendre.  What! as I have often said, cannot you touch a lady's heart
 without wounding her ear?
 It is necessary that ye should appear worse men than myself. You cannot
 help appearing so, you'll say.  Well, then, there will be the less
 restraint upon you--the less restraint, the less affectation.--And if
 Belton begins his favourite subject in behalf of keeping, it may make me
 take upon myself to oppose him: but fear not; I shall not give the
 argument all my force.
 She must have some curiosity, I think, to see what sort of men my
 companions are: she will not expect any of you to be saints.  Are you
 not men born to considerable fortunes, although ye are not all of you
