men of parts?  Who is it in this mortal life that wealth does not
 mislead?  And as it gives people the power of being mischievous, does it
 not require great virtue to forbear the use of that power?  Is not the
 devil said to be the god of this world?  Are we not children of this
 world?  Well, then! let me tell thee my opinion--It is this, that were it
 not for the poor and the middling, the world would probably, long ago,
 have been destroyed by fire from Heaven.  Ungrateful wretches the rest,
 thou wilt be apt to say, to make such sorry returns, as they generally do
 make, to the poor and the middling!
 This dear lady is prodigiously learned in theories.  But as to practices,
 as to experimentals, must be, as you know from her tender years, a mere
 novice.  Till she knew me, I dare say, she did not believe, whatever she
 had read, that there were such fellows in the world, as she will see in
 you four.  I shall have much pleasure in observing how she'll stare at
 her company, when she finds me the politest man of the five.
 And so much for instructions general and particular for your behaviour on
 Monday night.
 And let me add, that you must attend to every minute circumstance, whether
 you think there be reason for it, or not.  Deep, like golden ore,
 frequently lies my meaning, and richly worth digging for.  The hint of
 least moment, as you may imagine it, is often pregnant with events of the
 greatest.  Be implicit.  Am I not your general?  Did I ever lead you on
 that I brought you not off with safety and success?--Sometimes to your own
 stupid astonishment.
 And now, methinks, thou art curious to know, what can be my view in
 risquing the displeasure of my fair-one, and alarming her fears, after
 four or five halcyon days have gone over our heads?  I'll satisfy thee.
 The visiters of the two nieces will crowd the house.--Beds will be
 scarce:--Miss Partington, a sweet, modest, genteel girl, will be
 prodigiously taken with my charmer;--will want to begin a friendship with
