her--a share in her bed, for one night only, will be requested.  Who
 knows, but on that very Monday night I may be so unhappy as to give
 mortal offence to my beloved?  The shyest birds may be caught napping.
 Should she attempt to fly me upon it, cannot I detain her?  Should she
 actually fly, cannot I bring her back, by authority civil or uncivil, if
 I have evidence upon evidence that she acknowledged, though but tacitly,
 her marriage?  And should I, or should I not succeed, and she forgive me,
 or if she but descend to expostulate, or if she bear me in her sight,
 then will she be all my own.  All delicacy is my charmer.  I long to see
 how such a delicacy, on any of these occasions, will behave, and in my
 situation it behoves me to provide against every accident.
 I must take care, knowing what an eel I have to do with, that the little
 riggling rogue does not slip through my fingers.  How silly should I
 look, staring after her, when she had shot from me into the muddy river,
 her family, from which with so much difficulty I have taken her!
 Well then, here are--let me see--How many persons are there who, after
 Monday night, will be able to swear that she has gone by my name,
 answered to my name, had no other view in leaving her friends but to go
 by my name? her own relations neither able nor willing to deny it.--
 First, here are my servants, her servant, Dorcas, Mrs. Sinclair, Mrs.
 Sinclair's two nieces, and Miss Partington.
 But for fear these evidences should be suspected, here comes the jet of
 the business--'No less than four worthy gentlemen of fortune and family,
 who were all in company such a night particularly, at a collation to
 which they were invited by Robert Lovelace, of Sandoun-hall, in the
 county of Lancaster, esquire, in company with Magdalen Sinclair, widow,
 and Priscilla Partington, spinster, and the lady complainant, when the
 said Robert Lovelace addressed himself to the said lady, on a multitude
 of occasions, as his wife; as they and others did, as Mrs. Lovelace;
 every one complimenting and congratulating her upon her nuptials; and
