The widow seems tolerable.'  She went no farther than tolerable.--'Miss
 Martin and Miss Horton are young people of good sense, and have read a
 great deal.  What Miss Martin particularly said of marriage, and of her
 humble servant, was very solid.  She believes with such notions she
 cannot make a bad wife.'  I have said Sally's humble servant is a woolen-
 draper of great reputation; and she is soon to be married.
 I have been letting her into thy character, and into the characters of my
 other three esquires, in hopes to excite her curiosity to see you
 to-morrow night.  I have told her some of the worst, as well as best
 parts of your characters, in order to exalt myself, and to obviate any
 sudden surprizes, as well as to teach her what sort of men she may expect
 to see, if she will oblige me with her company.
 By her after-observation upon each of you, I shall judge what I may or
 may not do to obtain or keep her good opinion; what she will like, or
 what not; and so pursue the one or avoid the other, as I see proper.  So,
 while she is penetrating into your shallow heads, I shall enter her
 heart, and know what to bid my own to hope for.
 The house is to be taken in three weeks.--All will be over in three
 weeks, or bad will be my luck!--Who knows but in three days?--Have I not
 carried that great point of making her pass for my wife to the people
 below?  And that other great one, of fixing myself here night and day?
 --What woman ever escaped me, who lodged under one roof with me?--The
 house too, THE house; the people--people after my own heart; her
 servants, Will. and Dorcas, both my servants.--Three days, did I say!
 Pho! Pho! Pho!--three hours!
 I have carried my third point: but so extremely to the dislike of my
 charmer, that I have been threatened, for suffering Miss Partington to be
 introduced to her without her leave.  Which laid her under a necessity to
 deny or comply with the urgent request of so fine a young lady; who had
 engaged to honour me at my collation, on condition that my beloved would
