who devised to him a good estate, he quitted the college, came up to
 town, and commenced fine gentleman.  He is said to be a man of sense.--
 Mr. Belton dresses gaily, but not quite foppishly; drinks hard; keeps all
 hours, and glories in doing so; games, and has been hurt by that
 pernicious diversion: he is about thirty years of age: his face is a
 fiery red, somewhat bloated and pimply; and his irregularities threaten a
 brief duration to the sensual dream he is in: for he has a short
 consumption cough, which seems to denote bad lungs; yet makes himself and
 his friends merry by his stupid and inconsiderate jests upon very
 threatening symptoms which ought to make him more serious.
 Mr. MOWBRAY has been a great traveller; speaks as many languages as Mr.
 Lovelace himself, but not so fluently: is of a good family: seems to be
 about thirty-three or thirty-four: tall and comely in his person: bold
 and daring in his look: is a large-boned, strong man: has a great scar in
 his forehead, with a dent, as if his skull had been beaten in there, and
 a seamed scar in his right cheek: he likewise dresses very gaily: has his
 servants always about him, whom he is continually calling upon, and
 sending on the most trifling messages--half a dozen instances of which we
 had in the little time I was among them; while they seem to watch the
 turn of his fierce eye, to be ready to run, before they have half his
 message, and serve him with fear and trembling.  Yet to his equals the
 man seems tolerable: he talks not amiss upon public entertainments and
 diversions, especially upon those abroad: yet has a romancing air, and
 avers things strongly which seem quite improbable.  Indeed he doubts
 nothing but what he ought to believe; for he jests upon sacred things;
 and professes to hate the clergy of all religions.  He has high notions
 of honour, a world hardly ever out of his mouth; but seems to have no
 great regard to morals.
 Mr. TOURVILLE occasionally told his age; just turned of thirty-one.  He
 is also of an ancient family; but, in his person and manners, more of what
