I call the coxcomb than any of his companions.  He dresses richly;
 would be thought elegant in the choice and fashion of what he wears; yet,
 after all, appears rather tawdry than fine.--One sees by the care he
 takes of his outside, and the notice he bespeaks from every one by his
 own notice of himself, that the inside takes up the least of his
 attention.  He dances finely, Mr. Lovelace says; is a master of music,
 and singing is one of his principal excellencies.  They prevailed upon
 him to sing, and he obliged them both in Italian and French; and, to do
 him justice, his songs in both were decent.  They were all highly
 delighted with his performance; but his greatest admirers were, Mrs.
 Sinclair, Miss Partington, and himself.  To me he appeared to have a
 great deal of affectation.
 Mr. Tourville's conversation and address are insufferably full of those
 really gross affronts upon the understanding of our sex, which the
 moderns call compliments, and are intended to pass for so many instances
 of good breeding, though the most hyperbolical, unnatural stuff that can
 be conceived, and which can only serve to show the insincerity of the
 complimenter, and the ridiculous light in which the complimented appears
 in his eyes, if he supposes a woman capable of relishing the romantic
 absurdities of his speeches.
 He affects to introduce into his common talk Italian and French words;
 and often answers an English question in French, which language he greatly
 prefers to the barbarously hissing English.  But then he never fails to
 translate into this his odious native tongue the words and the sentences
 he speaks in the other two--lest, perhaps, it should be questioned
 whether he understands what he says.
 He loves to tell stories: always calls them merry, facetious, good, or
 excellent, before he begins, in order to bespeak the attention of the
 hearers, but never gives himself concern in the progress or conclusion of
 them, to make good what he promises in his preface.  Indeed he seldom
