being sent for down, to make me congratulatory compliments on my supposed
 nuptials; which he did with a caution, not to insist too long on the
 rigorous vow I had imposed upon a man so universally admired--
 'See him among twenty men,' said he, 'all of distinction, and nobody is
 regarded but Mr. Lovelace.'
 It must, indeed, be confessed, that there is, in his whole deportment, a
 natural dignity, which renders all insolent or imperative demeanour as
 unnecessary as inexcusable.  Then that deceiving sweetness which appears
 in his smiles, in his accent, in his whole aspect, and address, when he
 thinks it worth his while to oblige, or endeavour to attract, how does
 this show that he was born innocent, as I may say; that he was not
 naturally the cruel, the boisterous, the impetuous creature, which the
 wicked company he may have fallen into have made him!  For he has,
 besides, as open, and, I think, an honest countenance.  Don't you think
 so, my dear?  On all these specious appearances, have I founded my hopes
 of seeing him a reformed man.
 But it is amazing to me, I own, that with so much of the gentleman, such
 a general knowledge of books and men, such a skill in the learned as well
 as modern languages, he can take so much delight as he does in the
 company of such persons as I have described, and in subjects of frothy
 impertinence, unworthy of his talents, and his natural and acquired
 advantages.  I can think but of one reason for it, and that must argue a
 very low mind,--his vanity; which makes him desirous of being considered
 as the head of the people he consorts with.--A man to love praise, yet to
 be content to draw it from such contaminated springs!
 One compliment passed from Mr. Belford to Mr. Lovelace, which hastened my
 quitting the shocking company--'You are a happy man, Mr. Lovelace,' said
 he, upon some fine speeches made him by Mrs. Sinclair, and assented to by
 Miss Partington:--'You have so much courage, and so much wit, that
 neither man nor woman can stand before you.'
