great opinion: that there were four men of free manners in the house,
 avowed supporters of Mr. Lovelace in matters of offence; himself a man of
 enterprise; all, as far as I knew, (and as I had reason to think by their
 noisy mirth after I left them,) drinking deeply: that Miss Partington
 herself is not so bashful a person as she was represented to me to be:
 that officious pains were taken to give me a good opinion of her: and
 that Mrs. Sinclair made a greater parade in prefacing the request, than
 such a request needed.  To deny, thought I, can carry only an appearance
 of singularity to people who already think me singular.  To consent may
 possibly, if not probably, be attended with inconveniencies.  The
 consequences of the alternative so very disproportionate, I thought it
 more prudent to incur the censure, than to risque the inconvenience.'
 I told her that I was writing a long letter: that I should choose to
 write till I were sleepy, and that a companion would be a restraint upon
 me, and I upon her.
 She was loth, she said, that so delicate a young creature, and so great
 a fortune as Miss Partington, should be put to lie with Dorcas in a
 press-bed.  She should be very sorry, if she had asked an improper thing.
 She had never been so put to it before.  And Miss would stay up with her
 till I had done writing.
 Alarmed at this urgency, and it being easier to persist in a denial
 given, than to give it at first, I said, Miss Partington should be
 welcome to my whole bed, and I would retire into the dining-room, and
 there, locking myself in, write all the night.
 The poor thing, she said, was afraid to lie alone.  To be sure Miss
 Partington would not put me to such an inconvenience.
 She then withdrew,--but returned--begged my pardon for returning, but the
 poor child, she said, was in tears.--Miss Partington had never seen a
 young lady she so much admired, and so much wished to imitate as me.  The
 dear girl hoped that nothing had passed in her behaviour to give me
