shadow whithersoever you go.
 Don't be frightened at this declaration.  There is but one consideration,
 and but one hope, that withhold me, watched as I am in all my
 retirements; obliged to read to her without a voice; to work in her
 presence without fingers; and to lie with her every night against my
 will.  The consideration is, lest you should apprehend that a step of
 this nature would look like a doubling of your fault, in the eyes of such
 as think your going away a fault.  The hope is, that things will still
 end happily, and that some people will have reason to take shame to
 themselves for the sorry part they have acted.  Nevertheless I am often
 balancing--but your resolving to give up the correspondence at this
 crisis will turn the scale.  Write, therefore, or take the consequence.
 A few words upon the subject of your last letters.  I know not whether
 your brother's wise project be given up or not.  A dead silence reigns in
 your family.  Your brother was absent three days; then at home one; and
 is now absent: but whether with Singleton, or not, I cannot find out.
 By your account of your wretch's companions, I see not but they are a set
 of infernals, and he the Beelzebub.  What could he mean, as you say, by
 his earnestness to bring you into such company, and to give you such an
 opportunity to make him and them reflecting-glasses to one another?  The
 man's a fool, to be sure, my dear--a silly fellow, at least--the wretches
 must put on their best before you, no doubt--Lords of the creation!--
 noble fellows these!--Yet who knows how many poor despicable souls of our
 sex the worst of them has had to whine after him!
 You have brought an inconvenience upon yourself, as you observe, by your
 refusal of Miss Partington for your bedfellow.  Pity you had not admitted
 her! watchful as you are, what could have happened?  If violence were
 intended, he would not stay for the night.  You might have sat up after
 her, or not gone to bed.  Mrs. Sinclair pressed it too far.  You was
 over-scrupulous.
