know full well your impatience of control, when you have the least
 imagination that your generosity or friendship is likely to be wondered
 My dearest, dearest creature, would you incur a maternal, as I have a
 paternal, malediction?  Would not the world think there was an infection
 in my fault, if it were to be followed by Miss Howe?  There are some
 points so flagrantly wrong that they will not bear to be argued upon.
 This is one of them.  I need not give reasons against such a rashness.
 Heaven forbid that it should be known that you had it but once in your
 thought, be your motives ever so noble and generous, to follow so bad an
 example, the rather, as that you would, in such a case, want the
 extenuations that might be pleaded in my favour; and particularly that
 one of being surprised into the unhappy step!
 The restraint your mother lays you under would not have appeared heavy to
 you but on my account.  Would you had once thought it a hardship to be
 admitted to a part of her bed?--How did I use to be delighted with such
 a favour from my mother! how did I love to work in her presence!--So did
 you in the presence of your's once.  And to read to her in winter
 evenings I know was one of your joys.--Do not give me cause to reproach
 myself on the reason that may be assigned for the change in you.
 Learn, my dear, I beseech you, learn to subdue your own passions.  Be the
 motives what they will, excess is excess.  Those passions in our sex,
 which we take pains to subdue, may have one and the same source with
 those infinitely-blacker passions, which we used so often to condemn in
 the violent and headstrong of the other sex; and which may only be
 heightened in them by custom, and their freer education.  Let us both,
 my dear, ponder well this thought: look into ourselves,  and fear.
 If I write, as I find I must, I insist upon your forbearing to write.
 Your silence to this shall be the sign to me that you will not think of
 the rashness you threaten me with: and that you will obey your mother as
 to your own part of the correspondence, however; especially as you can
