course, exposing yourself to the same dangers which have rendered me
 what I am, I imagine that you may deduce an apt moral from my tale, one
 that may direct you if you succeed in your undertaking and console you
 in case of failure.  Prepare to hear of occurrences which are usually
 deemed marvellous.  Were we among the tamer scenes of nature I might
 fear to encounter your unbelief, perhaps your ridicule; but many things
 will appear possible in these wild and mysterious regions which would
 provoke the laughter of those unacquainted with the ever-varied powers
 of nature; nor can I doubt but that my tale conveys in its series
 internal evidence of the truth of the events of which it is composed."
 You may easily imagine that I was much gratified by the offered
 communication, yet I could not endure that he should renew his grief by
 a recital of his misfortunes.  I felt the greatest eagerness to hear
 the promised narrative, partly from curiosity and partly from a strong
 desire to ameliorate his fate if it were in my power.  I expressed
 these feelings in my answer.
 "I thank you," he replied, "for your sympathy, but it is useless; my
 fate is nearly fulfilled.  I wait but for one event, and then I shall
 repose in peace.  I understand your feeling," continued he, perceiving
 that I wished to interrupt him; "but you are mistaken, my friend, if
 thus you will allow me to name you; nothing can alter my destiny;
 listen to my history, and you will perceive how irrevocably it is
 determined."
 He then told me that he would commence his narrative the next day when
 I should be at leisure.  This promise drew from me the warmest thanks.
 I have resolved every night, when I am not imperatively occupied by my
 duties, to record, as nearly as possible in his own words, what he has
 related during the day.  If I should be engaged, I will at least make
 notes.  This manuscript will doubtless afford you the greatest
 pleasure; but to me, who know him, and who hear it from his own
