devise,) had I not known before I set out this morning, that the
 incomparable creature had disappointed thee in thy cursed view of getting
 her to admit the specious Partington for a bed-fellow.
 I have done nothing but talk of this lady ever since I saw her.  There is
 something so awful, and yet so sweet, in her aspect, that were I to have
 the virtues and the graces all drawn in one piece, they should be taken,
 every one of them, from different airs and attributes in her.  She was
 born to adorn the age she was given to, and would be an ornament to the
 first dignity.  What a piercing, yet gentle eye; every glance I thought
 mingled with love and fear of you!  What a sweet smile darting through
 the cloud that overspread her fair face, demonstrating that she had more
 apprehensions and grief at her heart than she cared to express!
 You may think what I am going to write too flighty: but, by my faith, I
 have conceived such a profound reverence for her sense and judgment,
 that, far from thinking the man excusable who should treat her basely,
 I am ready to regret that such an angel of a woman should even marry.
 She is in my eye all mind: and were she to meet with a man all mind
 likewise, why should the charming qualities she is mistress of be
 endangered?  Why should such an angel be plunged so low as into the
 vulgar offices of a domestic life?  Were she mine, I should hardly wish
 to see her a mother, unless there were a kind of moral certainty, that
 minds like hers could be propagated.  For why, in short, should not the
 work of bodies be left to mere bodies?  I know, that you yourself have
 an opinion of her little less exalted.  Belton, Mowbray, Tourville, are
 all of my mind; are full of her praises; and swear, it would be a million
 of pities to ruin a woman in whose fall none but devils can rejoice.
 What must that merit and excellence be which can extort this from us,
 freelivers, like yourself, and all of your just resentments against the
 rest of her family, and offered our assistance to execute your vengeance
 on them?  But we cannot think it reasonable that you should punish an
