Hast thou not observed, the charming gradations by which the ensnared
 volatile has been brought to bear with its new condition? how, at first,
 refusing all sustenance, it beats and bruises itself against its wires,
 till it makes its gay plumage fly about, and over-spread its well-secured
 cage.  Now it gets out its head; sticking only at its beautiful
 shoulders: then, with difficulty, drawing back its head, it gasps for
 breath, and erectly perched, with meditating eyes, first surveys, and
 then attempts, its wired canopy.  As it gets its pretty head and sides,
 bites the wires, and pecks at the fingers of its delighted tamer.  Till
 at last, finding its efforts ineffectual, quite tired and breathless, it
 lays itself down, and pants at the bottom of the cage, seeming to bemoan
 its cruel fate and forfeited liberty.  And after a few days, its
 struggles to escape still diminishing as it finds it to no purpose to
 attempt it, its new habitation becomes familiar; and it hops about from
 perch to perch, resumes its wonted cheerfulness, and every day sings a
 song to amuse itself and reward its keeper.
 Now let me tell thee, that I have known a bird actually starve itself, and
 die with grief, at its being caught and caged.  But never did I meet with
 a woman who was so silly.--Yet have I heard the dear souls most
 vehemently threaten their own lives on such an occasion.  But it is
 saying nothing in a woman's favour, if we do not allow her to have more
 sense than a bird.  And yet we must all own, that it is more difficult to
 catch a bird than a lady.
 To pursue the comparison--If the disappointment of the captivated lady be
 very great, she will threaten, indeed, as I said: she will even refuse
 her sustenance for some time, especially if you entreat her much, and she
 thinks she gives you concern by her refusal.  But then the stomach of the
 dear sullen one will soon return.  'Tis pretty to see how she comes to by
 degrees: pressed by appetite, she will first steal, perhaps, a weeping
 morsel by herself; then be brought to piddle and sigh, and sigh and
