eyed mouse, before she devoured it.  Egad, my love, said I to myself, as
 I sat meditating the scene, I am determined to lie in wait for a fit
 opportunity to try how thou wilt like to be tost over my head, and be
 caught again: how thou wilt like to be parted from me, and pulled to me.
 Yet will I rather give life than take it away, as this barbarous
 quadruped has at last done by her prey.  And after all was over between
 my girl and me, I reminded her of the incident to which my resolution was
 owing.
 Nor had I at another time any mercy upon the daughter of an old epicure,
 who had taught the girl, without the least remorse, to roast lobsters
 alive; to cause a poor pig to be whipt to death; to scrape carp the
 contrary way of the scales, making them leap in the stew-pan, and
 dressing them in their own blood for sauce.  And this for luxury-sake,
 and to provoke an appetite; which I had without stimulation, in my way,
 and that I can tell thee a very ravenous one.
 Many more instances of the like nature could I give, were I to leave
 nothing to thyself, to shew that the best take the same liberties, and
 perhaps worse, with some sort of creatures, that we take with others; all
 creatures still! and creatures too, as I have observed above, replete
 with strong life, and sensible feeling!--If therefore people pretend to
 mercy, let mercy go through all their actions.  I have heard somewhere,
 that a merciful man is merciful to his beast.
 So much at present for those parts of thy letter in which thou urgest to
 me motives of compassion for the lady.
 But I guess at thy principal motive in this thy earnestness in behalf of
 this charming creature.  I know that thou correspondest with Lord M. who
 is impatient, and has long been desirous to see me shackled.  And thou
 wantest to make a merit with the uncle, with a view to one of his nieces.
 But knowest thou not, that my consent will be wanting to complete thy
 wishes?--And what a commendation will it be of thee to such a girl as
