'The Virtues and Graces are this Lady's handmaids.  She was certainly
 born to adorn the age she was given to.'--Well said, Jack--'And would be
 an ornament to the first dignity.'  But what praise is that, unless the
 first dignity were adorned with the first merit?--Dignity! gew-gaw!--
 First dignity! thou idiot!--Art thou, who knowest me, so taken with
 ermine and tinsel?--I, who have won the gold, am only fit to wear it.
 For the future therefore correct thy style, and proclaim her the ornament
 of the happiest man, and (respecting herself and sex) the greatest
 conqueror in the world.
 Then, that she loves me, as thou imaginest, by no means appears clear to
 me.  Her conditional offers to renounce me; the little confidence she
 places in me; entitle me to ask, What merit can she have with a man, who
 won her in spite of herself; and who fairly, in set and obstinate battle,
 took her prisoner?
 As to what thou inferrest from her eye when with us, thou knowest nothing
 of her heart from that, if thou imaginest there was one glance of love
 shot from it.  Well did I note her eye, and plainly did I see, that it
 was all but just civil disgust to me and to the company I had brought her
 into.  Her early retiring that night, against all entreaty, might have
 convinced thee, that there was very little of the gentle in her heart for
 me.  And her eye never knew what it was to contradict her heart.
 She is, thou sayest, all mind.  So say I.  But why shouldst thou imagine
 that such a mind as hers, meeting with such a one as mine, and, to dwell
 upon the word, meeting with an inclination in hers, should not propagate
 minds like her own?
 Were I to take thy stupid advice, and marry; what a figure should I make
 in rakish annals!  The lady in my power: yet not have intended to put
 herself in my power: declaring against love, and a rebel to it: so much
 open-eyed caution: no confidence  in my honour: her family expecting the
 worst hath passed: herself seeming to expect that the worst will be
