clearly.  The idea of renewing my labours did not for one instant occur
 to me; the threat I had heard weighed on my thoughts, but I did not
 reflect that a voluntary act of mine could avert it.  I had resolved in
 my own mind that to create another like the fiend I had first made
 would be an act of the basest and most atrocious selfishness, and I
 banished from my mind every thought that could lead to a different
 conclusion.
 Between two and three in the morning the moon rose; and I then, putting
 my basket aboard a little skiff, sailed out about four miles from the
 shore.  The scene was perfectly solitary; a few boats were returning
 towards land, but I sailed away from them.  I felt as if I was about
 the commission of a dreadful crime and avoided with shuddering anxiety
 any encounter with my fellow creatures.  At one time the moon, which
 had before been clear, was suddenly overspread by a thick cloud, and I
 took advantage of the moment of darkness and cast my basket into the
 sea; I listened to the gurgling sound as it sank and then sailed away
 from the spot.  The sky became clouded, but the air was pure, although
 chilled by the northeast breeze that was then rising.  But it refreshed
 me and filled me with such agreeable sensations that I resolved to
 prolong my stay on the water, and fixing the rudder in a direct
 position, stretched myself at the bottom of the boat.  Clouds hid the
 moon, everything was obscure, and I heard only the sound of the boat as
 its keel cut through the waves; the murmur lulled me, and in a short
 time I slept soundly. I do not know how long I remained in this
 situation, but when I awoke I found that the sun had already mounted
 considerably.  The wind was high, and the waves continually threatened
 the safety of my little skiff.  I found that the wind was northeast and
 must have driven me far from the coast from which I had embarked.  I
 endeavoured to change my course but quickly found that if I again made
 the attempt the boat would be instantly filled with water.  Thus
