out, be the happier, as well as the more useful, for the misadventure;
 since (taken off of her public gaddings, and domesticated by her
 disgrace) she will have reason to think herself obliged to the man who
 has saved her from further reproach; while her fortune and alliance will
 lay an obligation upon him; and her past fall, if she have prudence and
 consciousness, will be his present and future security.
 But a poor girl [such a one as my Rosebud for instance] having no recalls
 from education; being driven out of every family that pretends to
 reputation; persecuted most perhaps by such as have only kept their
 secret better; and having no refuge to fly to--the common, the stews, the
 street, is the fate of such a poor wretch; penury, want, and disease, her
 sure attendants; and an untimely end perhaps closes the miserable scene.
 And will you not now all join to say, that it is more manly to attach a
 lion than a sheep?--Thou knowest, that I always illustrated my eagleship,
 by aiming at the noblest quarries; and by disdaining to make a stoop at
 wrens, phyl-tits,* and wag-tails.
 * Phyl-tits, q. d. Phyllis-tits, in opposition to Tom-tits.  It needs not
 now be observed, that Mr. Lovelace, in this wanton gaiety of his heart,
 often takes liberties of coining words and phrases in his letters to this
 his familiar friend.  See his ludicrous reason for it in Vol. III. Letter
 XXV. Paragr. antepenult.
 The worst respecting myself, in the case before me, is that my triumph,
 when completed, will be so glorious a one, that I shall never be able to
 keep up to it.  All my future attempts must be poor to this. I shall be
 as unhappy, after a while, from my reflections upon this conquest, as Don
 Juan of Austria was in his, on the renowned victory of Lepanto, when he
 found that none of future achievements could keep pace with his early
 glory.
 I am sensible that my pleas and my reasoning may be easily answered, and
 perhaps justly censured; But by whom censured?  Not by any of the
