is not soon or easily shaken off.  Libertines, who are libertines in
 defiance of talents, of superior lights, of conviction, hardly ever
 reform but by miracle, or by incapacity.  Well do I know mine own sex.
 Well am I able to judge of the probability of the reformation of a
 licentious young man, who has not been fastened upon by sickness, by
 affliction, by calamity: who has a prosperous run of fortune before him:
 his spirits high: his will uncontroulable: the company he keeps, perhaps
 such as himself, confirming him in all his courses, assisting him in
 all his enterprises.
 As to the other gentleman, suppose, my dear cousin, you do not like him
 at present, it is far from being unlikely that you will hereafter:
 perhaps the more for not liking him now.  He can hardly sink lower in
 your opinion: he may rise.  Very seldom is it that high expectations are
 so much as tolerably answered.  How indeed can they, when a fine and
 extensive imagination carries its expectation infinitely beyond reality,
 in the highest of our sublunary enjoyments?  A woman adorned with such an
 imagination sees no defect in a favoured object, (the less, if she be not
 conscious of any wilful fault in herself,) till it is too late to rectify
 the mistakes occasioned by her generous credulity.
 But suppose a person of your talents were to marry a man of inferior
 talents; Who, in this case, can be so happy in herself as Miss Clarissa
 Harlowe?  What delight do you take in doing good!  How happily do you
 devote the several portions of the day to your own improvement, and to
 the advantage of all that move within your sphere!--And then, such is
 your taste, such are your acquirements in the politer studies, and in the
 politer amusements; such your excellence in all the different parts of
 economy fit for a young lady's inspection and practice, that your friends
 would wish you to be taken off as little as possible by regards that may
 be called merely personal.
 But as to what may be the consequence respecting yourself, respecting a
