young lady of your talents, from the preference you are suspected to give
 to a libertine, I would have you, my dear cousin, consider what that may
 be.  A mind so pure, to mingle with a mind impure!  And will not such a
 man as this engross all your solitudes?  Will he not perpetually fill you
 with anxieties for him and for yourself?--The divine and civil powers
 defied, and their sanctions broken through by him, on every not merely
 accidental but meditated occasion.  To be agreeable to him, and to hope
 to preserve an interest in his affections, you must probably be obliged
 to abandon all your own laudable pursuits.  You must enter into his
 pleasures and distastes.  You must give up your virtuous companions for
 his profligate ones--perhaps be forsaken by your's, because of the
 scandal he daily gives.  Can you hope, cousin, with such a man as this to
 be long  so good as you now are?  If not, consider which of your present
 laudable delights you would choose to give up! which of his culpable ones
 to follow him in!  How could you brook to go backward, instead of
 forward, in those duties which you now so exemplarily perform? and how do
 you know, if you once give way, where you shall be suffered, where you
 shall be able, to stop?
 Your brother acknowledges that Mr. Solmes is not near so agreeable in
 person as Mr. Lovelace.  But what is person with such a lady as I have
 the honour to be now writing to?  He owns likewise that he has not the
 address of Mr. Lovelace: but what a mere personal advantage is a
 plausible address, without morals?  A woman had better take a husband
 whose manners she were to fashion, than to find them ready-fashioned to
 her hand, at the price of her morality; a price that is often paid for
 travelling accomplishments.  O my dear cousin, were you but with us here
 at Florence, or at Rome, or at Paris, (where also I resided for many
 months,) to see the gentlemen whose supposed rough English manners at
 setting out are to be polished, and what their improvement are in their
 return through the same places, you would infinitely prefer the man in
