his first stage to the same man in his last.  You find the difference on
 their return--a fondness for foreign fashions, an attachment to foreign
 vices, a supercilious contempt of his own country and countrymen;
 (himself more despicable than the most despicable of those he despises;)
 these, with an unblushing effrontery, are too generally the attainments
 that concur to finish the travelled gentleman!
 Mr. Lovelace, I know, deserves to have an exception made in his favour;
 for he really is a man of parts and learning: he was esteemed so both
 here and at Rome; and a fine person, and a generous turn of mind, gave
 him great advantages. But you need not be told that a libertine man of
 sense does infinitely more mischief than a libertine of weak parts is
 able to do. And this I will tell you further, that it was Mr. Lovelace's
 own fault that he was not still more respected than he was among the
 literati here.  There were, in short, some liberties in which he
 indulged himself, that endangered his person and his liberty; and made
 the best and most worthy of those who honoured him with their notice
 give him up, and his stay both at Florence and at Rome shorter than he
 designed.
 This is all I choose to say of Mr. Lovelace.  I had much rather have had
 reason to give him a quite contrary character.  But as to rakes or
 libertines in general, I, who know them well, must be allowed, because of
 the mischiefs they have always in their hearts, and too often in their
 power, to do your sex, to add still a few more words upon this topic.
 A libertine, my dear cousin, a plotting, an intriguing libertine, must be
 generally remorseless--unjust he must always be.  The noble rule of doing
 to others what he would have done to himself is the first rule he breaks;
 and every day he breaks it; the oftener, the greater his triumph.  He has
 great contempt for your sex.  He believes no woman chaste, because he is
 a profligate.  Every woman who favours him confirms him in his wicked
 incredulity.  He is always plotting to extend the mischiefs he delights
