in.  If a woman loves such a man, how can she bear the thought of
 dividing her interest in his affections with half the town, and that
 perhaps the dregs of it?  Then so sensual!--How will a young lady of your
 delicacy bear with so sensual a man? a man who makes a jest of his vows?
 and who perhaps will break your spirit by the most unmanly insults.  To
 be a libertine, is to continue to be every thing vile and inhuman.
 Prayers, tears, and the most abject submission, are but fuel to his
 pride: wagering perhaps with lewd companions, and, not improbably, with
 lewder women, upon instances which he boasts of to them of your patient
 sufferings, and broken spirit, and bringing them home to witness to both.
 I write what I know has been.
 I mention not fortunes squandered, estates mortgaged or sold, and
 posterity robbed--nor yet a multitude of other evils, too gross, too
 shocking, to be mentioned to a person of your delicacy.
 All these, my dear cousin, to be shunned, all the evils I have named to
 be avoided; the power of doing all the good you have been accustomed to,
 preserved, nay, increased, by the separate provision that will be made
 for you: your charming diversions, and exemplary employments, all
 maintained; and every good habit perpetuated: and all by one sacrifice,
 the fading pleasure of the eye! who would not, (since every thing is not
 to be met with in one man, who would not,) to preserve so many
 essentials, give up to light, so unpermanent a pleasure!
 Weigh all these things, which I might insist upon to more advantage, did
 I think it needful to one of your prudence--weigh them well, my beloved
 cousin; and if it be not the will of your parents that you should
 continue single, resolve to oblige them; and let it not be said that the
 powers of fancy shall (as in many others of your sex) be too hard for
 your duty and your prudence.  The less agreeable the man, the more
 obliging the compliance.  Remember, that he is a sober man--a man who has
 reputation to lose, and whose reputation therefore is a security for his
