aunt, to my great mortification, has told me (and you confirm) I should
 have met with, it is, however, hard to say what I should or should not
 have done as to meeting him, had it come in time: but this effect I
 verily believe it would have had--to have made me insist with all my
 might on going over, out of all their ways, to the kind writer of the
 instructive letter, and on making a father (a protector, as well as a
 friend) of a kinsman, who is one of my trustees.  This, circumstanced as
 I was, would have been a natural, at least an unexceptionable protection!
 --But I was to be unhappy! and how it cuts me to the heart to think, that
 I can already subscribe to my cousin's character of a libertine, so well
 drawn in the letter which I suppose you now to have read!
 That a man of a character which ever was my abhorrence should fall to my
 lot!--But, depending on my own strength; having no reason to apprehend
 danger from headstrong and disgraceful impulses; I too little perhaps
 cast up my eyes to the Supreme Director: in whom, mistrusting myself, I
 ought to have placed my whole confidence--and the more, when I saw myself
 so perserveringly addressed by a man of this character.
 Inexperience and presumption, with the help of a brother and sister who
 have low ends to answer in my disgrace, have been my ruin!--A hard word,
 my dear! but I repeat it upon deliberation: since, let the best happen
 which now can happen, my reputation is destroyed; a rake is my portion:
 and what that portion is my cousin Morden's letter has acquainted you.
 Pray keep it by you till called for.  I saw it not myself (having not the
 heart to inspect my trunks) till this morning.  I would not for the world
 this man should see it; because it might occasion mischief between the
 most violent spirit, and the most settled brave one in the world, as my
 cousin's is said to be.
 This letter was enclosed (opened) in a blank cover.  Scorn and detest me
 as they will, I wonder that one line was not sent with it--were it but to
 have more particularly pointed the design of it, in the same generous
