prerogative, I degrade by virtue of my own imperial will, without any
 other act of forfeiture than my own convenience.  What a poor thing is a
 monarch to me!
 But Mennell, now he has seen this angel of a woman, has qualms; that's
 the devil!--I shall have enough to do to keep him right.  But it is the
 less wonder, that he should stagger, when a few hours' conversation with
 the same lady could make four much more hardened varlets find hearts--
 only, that I am confident, that I shall at least reward her virtue, if
 her virtue overcome me, or I should find it impossible to persevere--for
 at times I have confounded qualms myself.  But say not a word of them to
 the confraternity: nor laugh at me for them thyself.
 In another letter, dated Monday night, he writes as follows:
 This perverse lady keeps me at such a distance, that I am sure something
 is going on between her and Miss Howe, notwithstanding the prohibition
 from Mrs. Howe to both: and as I have thought it some degree of merit in
 myself to punish others for their transgressions, I am of opinion that
 both these girls are punishable for their breach of parental injunctions.
 And as to their letter-carrier, I have been inquiring into his way of
 living; and finding him to be a common poacher, a deer-stealer, and
 warren-robber, who, under pretence of haggling, deals with a set of
 customers who constantly take all he brings, whether fish, fowl, or
 venison, I hold myself justified (since Wilson's conveyance must at
 present be sacred) to have him stripped and robbed, and what money he has
 about him given to the poor; since, if I take not money as well as
 letters, I shall be suspected.
 To serve one's self, and punish a villain at the same time, is serving
 public and private.  The law was not made for such a man as me. And I
 must come at correspondences so disobediently carried on.
 But, on second thoughts, if I could find out that the dear creature
 carried any of her letters in her pockets, I can get her to a play or to
