So far, so good.  I shall never rest till I have discovered in the first
 place, where the dear creature puts her letters; and in the next till I
 have got her to a play, to a concert, or to take an airing with me out of
 town for a day or two.
 I gave thee just now some of my contrivances.  Dorcas, who is ever
 attentive to all her lady's motions, has given me some instances of her
 mistress's precautions.  She wafers her letters, it seems, in two places;
 pricks the wafers; and then seals upon them.  No doubt but the same care
 is taken with regard to those brought to her, for she always examines the
 seals of the latter before she opens them.
 I must, I must come at them.  This difficulty augments my curiosity.
 Strange, so much as she writes, and at all hours, that not one sleepy or
 forgetful moment has offered in our favour!
 A fair contention, thou seest: nor plead thou in her favour her youth,
 her beauty, her family, her fortune, CREDULITY, she has none; and with
 regard to her TENDER YEARS, Am I not a young fellow myself?  As to
 BEAUTY; pr'ythee, Jack, do thou, to spare my modesty, make a comparison
 between my Clarissa for a woman, and thy Lovelace for a man.  For her
 FAMILY; that was not known to its country a century ago: and I hate them
 all but her.  Have I not cause?--For her FORTUNE; fortune, thou knowest,
 was ever a stimulus with me; and this for reasons not ignoble.  Do not
 girls of fortune adorn themselves on purpose to engage our attention?
 Seek they not to draw us into their snares?  Depend they not, generally,
 upon their fortunes, in the views they have upon us, more than on their
 merits?  Shall we deprive them of the benefit of their principal
 dependence?--Can I, in particular, marry every girl who wishes to obtain
 my notice?  If, therefore, in support of the libertine principles for
 which none of the sweet rogues hate us, a woman of fortune is brought to
 yield homage to her emperor, and any consequences attend the subjugation,
 is not such a one shielded by her fortune, as well from insult and
