Let go my hand!--stamping with her pretty foot; How dare you, Sir!--At
 this rate, I see--too plainly I see--And more she could not say: but,
 gasping, was ready to faint with passion and affright; the devil a bit
 of her accustomed gentleness to be seen in her charming face, or to be
 heard in her musical voice.
 Having gone thus far, loth, very loth, was I to lose my prize--once more
 I got hold of the rumpled-up letter!--Impudent man! were her words:
 stamping again.  For God's sake, then it was.  I let go my prize, lest
 she should faint away: but had the pleasure first to find my hand within
 both hers, she trying to open my reluctant fingers.  How near was my
 heart at that moment to my hand, throbbing to my fingers' ends, to be
 thus familiarly, although angrily, treated by the charmer of my soul!
 When she had got it in her possession, she flew to the door.  I threw
 myself in her way, shut it, and, in the humblest manner, besought her to
 forgive me.  And yet do you think the Harlowe-hearted charmer
 (notwithstanding the agreeable annunciation I came in with) would forgive
 me?--No, truly; but pushing me rudely from the door, as if I had been
 nothing, [yet do I love to try, so innocently to try, her strength too!]
 she gained that force through passion, which I had lost through fear, out
 she shot to her own apartment; [thank my stars she could fly no farther!]
 and as soon as she entered it, in a passion still, she double-locked and
 double-bolted herself in.  This my comfort, on reflection, that, upon a
 greater offence, it cannot be worse.
 I retreated to my own apartment, with my heart full: and, my man Will not
 being near me, gave myself a plaguy knock on the forehead with my double
 fist.
 And now is my charmer shut up from me: refusing to see me, refusing her
 meals.  She resolves not to see me; that's more:--never again, if she can
 help it; and in the mind she is in--I hope she has said.
 The dear creatures, whenever they quarrel with their humble servants,
