I am very unwilling to have recourse to measures which these demons below
 are continually urging me to take; because I am sure, that, at last, I
 shall be brought to make her legally mine.
 One complete trial over, and I think I will do her noble justice.
 Well, Paul's gone--gone already--has all his lessons.  A notable fellow!
 --Lord W.'s necessary-man was Paul before he went to sea.  A more
 sensible rogue Paul than Joseph!  Not such a pretender to piety neither
 as the other.  At what a price have I bought that Joseph!  I believe I
 must punish the rascal at last: but must let him marry first: then
 (though that may be punishment enough) I shall punish two at once in the
 man and his wife.  And how richly does Betty deserve punishment for her
 behaviour to my goddess!
 But now I hear the rusty hinges of my beloved's door give me creaking
 invitation.  My heart creaks and throbs with respondent trepidations:
 Whimsical enough though! for what relation has a lover's heart to a rusty
 pair of hinges?  But they are the hinges that open and shut the door of
 my beloved's bed-chamber.  Relation enough in that.
 I hear not the door shut again.  I shall receive her commands I hope
 anon.  What signifies her keeping me thus at a distance? she must be
 mine, let me do or offer what I will.  Courage whenever I assume, all is
 over: for, should she think of escaping from hence, whither can she fly
 to avoid me?  Her parents will not receive her.  Her uncles will not
 entertain her.  Her beloved Norton is in their direction, and cannot.
 Miss Howe dare not.  She has not one friend in town but me--is entirely a
 stranger to the town.  And what then is the matter with me, that I should
 be thus unaccountably over-awed and tyrannized over by a dear creature
 who wants only to know how impossible it is that she should escape me, in
 order to be as humble to me as she is to her persecuting relations!
 Should I ever make the grand attempt, and fail, and should she hate me
 for it, her hatred can be but temporary.  She has already incurred the
