TUESDAY, MAY 9.
 If, my dear, you approve of the application to my uncle Harlowe, I wish
 it to be made as soon as possible.  We are quite out again.  I have shut
 myself up from him.  The offence indeed not so very great--and yet it is
 too.  He had like to have got a letter.  One of your's.  But never will
 I write again, or re-peruse my papers, in an apartment where he thinks
 himself entitled to come.  He did not read a line of it.  Indeed he did
 not.  So don't be uneasy.  And depend upon future caution.
 Thus it was.  The sun being upon my closet, and Mr. Lovelace abroad--
 She then gives Miss Howe an account of his coming by surprise upon her:
    of his fluttering speech: of his bold address: of her struggle with
    him for the letter, &c.
 And now, my dear, proceeds she, I am more and more convinced, that I am
 too much in his power to make it prudent to stay with him.  And if my
 friends will but give me hope, I will resolve to abandon him for ever.
 O my dear! he is a fierce, a foolish, an insolent creature!--And, in
 truth, I hardly expect that we can accommodate.  How much unhappier am I
 already with him than my mother ever was with my father after marriage!
 since (and that without any reason, any pretence in the world for it) he
 is for breaking my spirit before I am his, and while I am, or ought to be
 [O my folly, that I am not!] in my own power.
 Till I can know whether my friends will give me hope or not, I must do
 what I never studied to do before in any case; that is, try to keep this
 difference open: and yet it will make me look little in my own eyes;
 because I shall mean by it more than I can own.  But this is one of the
 consequences of all engagements, where the minds are unpaired--dispaired,
 in my case, I must say.
 Let this evermore be my caution to individuals of my sex--Guard your eye:
 'twill ever be in a combination against your judgment.  If there are two
 parts to be taken, it will be for ever, traitor as it is, taking the wrong
