disallowing it, would add--and a judgment no less extraordinary than her
 wit.  If her prudence was praised, and a forethought, which every one saw
 supplied what only years and experience gave to others--nobody need to
 scruple taking lessons from Clarissa Harlowe, was our proud answer.
 Forgive me, O forgive me, my dear Norton--But I know you will; for yours,
 when good, was this child, and your glory as well as mine.
 But have you not heard strangers, as she passed to and from church, stop
 to praise the angel of a creature, as they called her; when it was enough
 for those who knew who she was, to cry, Why, it is Miss Clarissa Harlowe!
 --as if every body were obliged to know, or to have heard of Clarissa
 Harlowe, and of her excellencies.  While, accustomed to praise, it was
 too familiar to her, to cause her to alter either her look or her pace.
 For my own part, I could not stifle a pleasure that had perhaps a faulty
 vanity for its foundation, whenever I was spoken of, or addressed to, as
 the mother of so sweet a child: Mr. Harlowe and I, all the time, loving
 each other the better for the share each had in such a daughter.
 Still, still indulge the fond, the overflowing heart of a mother!  I
 could dwell for ever upon the remembrance of what she was, would but that
 remembrance banish from my mind what she is!
 In her bosom, young as she was, could I repose all my griefs--sure of
 receiving from her prudence and advice as well as comfort; and both
 insinuated in so dutiful a manner, that it was impossible to take those
 exceptions which the distance of years and character between a mother and
 a daughter would have made one apprehensive of from any other daughter.
 She was our glory when abroad, our delight when at home.  Every body was
 even covetous of her company; and we grudged her to our brothers Harlowe,
 and to our sister and brother Hervey.  No other contention among us,
 then, but who should be next favoured by her.  No chiding ever knew she
 from us, but the chiding of lovers, when she was for shutting herself up
 too long together from us, in pursuit of those charming amusements and
