it to be worse than the character of him from whom she saved her friend;
 a man against whom she was warned: one who had her brother's life in her
 hands; and who constantly set our whole family at defiance.
 Think for me, my good Norton; think what my unhappiness must be both as a
 wife and a mother.  What restless days, what sleepless nights; yet my own
 rankling anguish endeavoured to be smoothed over, to soften the anguish
 of fiercer spirits, and to keep them from blazing out to further
 mischief!  O this naughty, naughty girl, who knew so well what she did;
 and who could look so far into consequences, that we thought she would
 have died rather than have done as she had done!
 Her known character for prudence leaves her absolutely without excuse.
 How then can I offer to plead for her, if, through motherly indulgence,
 I would forgive her myself?--And have we not moreover suffered all the
 disgrace that can befall us?  Has not she?
 If now she has so little liking to his morals, has she not reason before
 to have as little?  Or has she suffered by them in her own person?--O my
 good woman, I doubt--I doubt--Will not the character of the man make one
 doubt an angel, if once in his power?  The world will think the worst.  I
 am told it does.  So likewise her father fears; her brother hears; and
 what can I do?
 Our antipathy to him she knew before, as well as his character.  These
 therefore cannot be new motives without a new reason.--O my dear Mrs.
 Norton, how shall I, how can you, support ourselves under the
 apprehensions to which these thoughts lead!
 He continually pressing her, you say, to marry him: his friends likewise.
 She has reason, no doubt she has reason, for this application to us: and
 her crime is glossed over, to bring her to us with new disgrace!
 Whither, whither, does one guilty step lead the misguided heart!--And
 now, truly, to save a stubborn spirit, we are only to be sounded, that
 the application may be occasionally retracted or denied!
