now, either with or without his consent, his fortunes and alliances so
 considerable, his person and address so engaging, (every one excusing you
 now on those accounts, and because of your relations' follies,) it would
 have a very ill appearance for your reputation.  I cannot, therefore, on
 the most deliberate consideration, advise you to think of that, while you
 have no reason to doubt his honour.  May eternal vengeance pursue the
 villain, if he give room for an apprehension of this nature!
 Yet his teasing ways are intolerable; his acquiescence with your slight
 delays, and his resignedness to the distance you now keep him at, (for a
 fault so much slighter, as he must think, than the punishment,) are
 unaccountable: He doubts your love of him, that is very probable; but you
 have reason to be surprised at his want of ardour; a blessing so great
 within his reach, as I may say.
 By the time you have read to this place, you will have no doubt of what
 has been the issue of the conference between the two gentlemen.  I am
 equally shocked, and enraged against them all.  Against them all, I say;
 for I have tried your good Norton's weight with your mother, (though at
 first I did not intend to tell you so,) to the same purpose as the
 gentleman sounded your uncle.  Never were there such determined brutes in
 the world!  Why should I mince the matter?  Yet would I fain, methinks,
 make an exception for your mother.
 Your uncle will have it that you are ruined.  'He can believe every thing
 bad of a creature, he says, who could run away with a man; with such a
 one especially as Lovelace.  They expected applications from you, when
 some heavy distress had fallen upon you.  But they are all resolved not
 to stir an inch in your favour; no, not to save your life!'
 My dearest soul, resolve to assert your right.  Claim your own, and go
 and live upon it, as you ought.  Then, if you marry not, how will the
 wretches creep to you for your reversionary dispositions!
 You were accused (as in your aunt's letter) 'of premeditation and
