contrivance in your escape.'  Instead of pitying you, the mediating
 person was called upon 'to pity them; who once, your uncle said, doated
 upon you: who took no joy but in your presence: who devoured your words
 as you spoke them: who trod over again your footsteps, as you walked
 before them.'--And I know not what of this sort.
 Upon the whole, it is now evident to me, and so it must be to you, when
 you read this letter, that you must be his.  And the sooner you are so
 the better.  Shall we suppose that marriage is not in your power?--I
 cannot have patience to suppose that.
 I am concerned, methinks, to know how you will do to condescend, (now you
 see you must be his,) after you have kept him at such a distance; and for
 the revenge his pride may put him upon taking for it.  But let me tell
 you, that if my going up, and sharing fortunes with you, will prevent
 such a noble creature from stooping too low; much more, were it likely to
 prevent your ruin, I would not hesitate a moment about it.  What is the
 whole world to me, weighed against such a friend as you are?  Think you,
 that any of the enjoyments of this life could be enjoyments to me, were
 you involved in calamities, from which I could either alleviate or
 relieve you, by giving up those enjoyments?  And what in saying this, and
 acting up to it, do I offer you, but the frits of a friendship your worth
 has created?
 Excuse my warmth of expression.  The warmth of my heart wants none.  I am
 enraged at your relations; for, bad as what I have mentioned is, I have
 not told you all; nor now, perhaps, ever will.  I am angry at my own
 mother's narrowness of mind, and at her indiscriminate adherence to old
 notions.  And I am exasperated against your foolish, your low-vanity'd
 Lovelace.  But let us stoop to take the wretch as he is, and make the
 best of him, since you are destined to stoop, to keep grovellers and
 worldlings in countenance.  He had not been guilty of a direct indecency
 to you.  Nor dare he--not so much of a devil as that comes to neither.
