Had he such villainous intentions, so much in his power as you are, they
 would have shewn themselves before now to such a penetrating and vigilant
 eye, and to such a pure heart as yours.  Let us save the wretch then, if
 we can, though we soil our fingers in lifting him up his dirt.
 There is yet, to a person of your fortune and independence, a good deal
 to do, if you enter upon those terms which ought to be entered upon.  I
 don't find that he has once talked of settlements; nor yet of the
 license.  A foolish wretch!--But as your evil destiny has thrown you out
 of all other protection and mediation, you must be father, mother, uncle,
 to yourself; and enter upon the requisite points for yourself.  It is
 hard upon you; but indeed you must.  Your situation requires it.  What
 room for delicacy now?--Or would you have me write to him? yet that would
 be the same thing as if you were to write yourself.  Yet write you
 should, I think, if you cannot speak.  But speaking is certainly best:
 for words leave no traces; they pass as breath; and mingle with air; and
 may be explained with latitude.  But the pen is a witness on record.
 I know the gentleness of your spirit; I know the laudable pride of your
 heart; and the just notion you have of the dignity of our sex in these
 delicate points.  But once more, all this in nothing now: your honour is
 concerned that the dignity I speak of should not be stood upon.
 'Mr. Lovelace,' would I say; yet hate the foolish fellow for his low, his
 stupid pride, in wishing to triumph over the dignity of his own wife;--
 'I am by your means deprived of every friend I have in the world.  In
 what light am I to look upon you?  I have well considered every thing.
 You have made some people, much against my liking, think me a wife:
 others know I am not married; nor do I desire any body should believe I
 am: Do you think your being here in the same house with me can be to my
 reputation?  You talked to me of Mrs. Fretchville's house.'  This will
 bring him to renew his last discourse on the subject, if he does not
 revive it of himlsef.  'If Mrs. Fretchville knows not her own mind, what
