is her house to me?  You talked of bringing up your cousin Montague to
 bear me company: if my brother's schemes be your pretence for not going
 yourself to fetch her, you can write to her.  I insist upon bringing
 these two points to an issue: off or on ought to be indifferent to me, if
 so to them.'
 Such a declaration must bring all forward.  There are twenty ways, my dear,
 that you would find out for another in your circumstances.  He will
 disdain, from his native insolence, to have it thought he has any body to
 consult.  Well then, will he not be obliged to declare himself?  And if
 he does, no delays on your side, I beseech you.  Give him the day.  Let
 it be a short one.  It would be derogating from your own merit, not to be
 so explicit as he ought to be, to seem but to doubt his meaning; and to
 wait for that explanation for which I should ever despise him, if he
 makes it necessary.  Twice already have you, my dear, if not oftener
 modesty'd away such opportunities as you ought not to have slipped.  As
 to settlements, if they come not in naturally, e'en leave them to his own
 justice, and to the justice of his family,  And there's an end of the
 matter.
 This is my advice: mend it as circumstances offer, and follow your own.
 But indeed, my dear, this, or something like it, would I do.  And let him
 tell me afterwards, if he dared or would, that he humbled down to his
 shoe-buckles the person it would have been his glory to exalt.
 Support yourself, mean time, with reflections worthy of yourself.  Though
 tricked into this man's power, you are not meanly subjugated to it.  All
 his reverence you command, or rather, as I may say, inspire; since it was
 never known, that he had any reverence for aught that was good, till you
 was with him: and he professes now and then to be so awed and charmed by
 your example, as that the force of it shall reclaim him.
 I believe you will have a difficult task to keep him to it; but the more
 will be your honour, if you effect his reformation: and it is my belief,
