unprotected, desolate, nobody to fly to, in what a wretched light must I
 stand in his eyes; and, what is still as bad, in my own!  O my dear, see
 you not, as I do, that the occasion for this my indelicate, my shocking
 situation should never have been given by me, of all creatures; since I
 am unequal, utterly unequal, to the circumstances to which my
 inconsideration has reduced me?--What!  I to challenge a man for a
 husband!--I to exert myself to quicken the delayer in his resolutions!
 and, having as you think lost an opportunity, to begin to try to recall
 it, as from myself, and for myself! to threaten him, as I may say, into
 the marriage state!--O my dear! if this be right to be done, how
 difficult is it, where modesty and self (or where pride, if you please)
 is concerned, to do that right? or, to express myself in your words, to
 be father, mother, uncle, to myself!--especially where one thinks a
 triumph over one is intended.
 You say, you have tried Mrs. Norton's weight with my mother--bad as the
 returns are which my application by Mr. Hickman has met with, you tell
 me, 'that you have not acquainted me with all the bad, nor now, perhaps,
 ever will.'  But why so, my dear?  What is the bad, what can be the bad,
 which now you will never tell me of?--What worse, than renounce me! and
 for ever!  'My uncle, you say, believes me ruined: he declares that he
 can believe every thing bad of a creature who could run away with a man:
 and they have all made a resolution not to stir an inch in my favour; no,
 not to save my life!'--Have you worse than this, my dear, behind?--Surely
 my father has not renewed his dreadful malediction!--Surely, if so, my
 mother has not joined in it!  Have my uncles given their sanction, and
 made it a family act?  And themselves thereby more really faulty, than
 ever THEY suppose me to be, though I the cause of that greater fault in
 them?--What, my dear, is the worst, that you will leave for ever
 unrevealed?
 O Lovelace! why comest thou not just now, while these black prospects are
