before me?  For now, couldst thou look into my heart, wouldst thou see a
 distress worthy of thy barbarous triumph!
 I was forced to quit my pen.  And you say you have tried Mrs. Norton's
 weight with my mother?
 What is done cannot be remedied: but I wish you had not taken a step of
 this importance to me without first consulting me.  Forgive me, my dear,
 but I must tell you that that high-soul'd and noble friendship which you
 have ever avowed with so obliging and so uncommon a warmth, although it
 has been always the subject of my grateful admiration, has been often the
 ground of my apprehension, because of its unbridled fervour.
 Well, but now to look forward, you are of opinion that I must be his: and
 that I cannot leave him with reputation to myself, whether with or
 without his consent.  I must, if so, make the best of the bad matter.
 He went out in the morning; intending not to return to dinner, unless (as
 he sent me word) I would admit him to dine with me.
 I excused myself.  The man, whose anger is now to be of such high
 importance to me, was, it seems, displeased.
 As he (as well as I) expected that I should receive a letter from you
 this day by Collins, I suppose he will not be long before he returns; and
 then, possibly, he is to be mighty stately, mighty mannish, mighty coy,
 if you please!  And then must I be very humble, very submissive, and try
 to insinuate myself into his good graces: with downcast eye, if not by
 speech, beg his forgiveness for the distance I have so perversely kept
 him at?--Yes, I warrant!--But I shall see how this behaviour will sit
 upon me!--You have always rallied me upon my meekness, I think: well
 then, I will try if I can be still meeker, shall I!--O my dear!--
 But let me sit with my hands before me, all patience, all resignation;
 for I think I hear him coming up.  Or shall I roundly accost him, in the
 words, in the form, which you, my dear, prescribed?
 He is come in.  He has sent to me, all impatience, as Dorcas says, by his
