of another kind than that you so readily avow.  But if, Sir, you have the
 least mixture in yours of that pride which may be expected, and thought
 laudable, in a man of your birth, alliances, and fortune, you should
 rather wish, I will presume to say, to promote what you call my pride,
 than either to suppress it, or to regret that I have it.  It is this my
 acknowledged pride, proceeded I, that induces me to tell you, Sir, that I
 think it beneath me to disown what have been my motives for declining,
 for some days past, any conversation with you, or visit from Mr. Mennell,
 that might lead to points out of my power to determine upon, until I
 heard from my uncle Harlowe; whom, I confess, I have caused to be
 sounded, whether I might be favoured with his interest to obtain for me
 a reconciliation with my friends, upon terms which I had caused to be
 proposed.
 I know not, said he, and suppose must not presume to ask, what those
 terms were.  But I can but too well guess at them; and that I was to have
 been the preliminary sacrifice.  But you must allow me, Madam, to say,
 That as much as I admire the nobleness of your sentiments in general, and
 in particular that laudable pride which you have spoken of, I wish that I
 could compliment you with such an uniformity in it, as had set you as
 much above all submission to minds implacable and unreasonable, (I hope I
 may, without offence, say, that your brother's and sister's are such,) as
 it has above all favour and condescension to me.
 Duty and nature, Sir, call upon me to make the submissions you speak of:
 there is a father, there is a mother, there are uncles in the one case,
 to justify and demand those submissions.  What, pray, Sir, can be pleaded
 for the condescension, as you call it?  Will you say, your merits, either
 with regard to them, or to myself, may?
 This, Madam, to be said, after the persecutions of those relations!
 After what you have suffered!  After what you have made me hope!  Let me,
 my dearest creature, ask you, (we have been talking of pride,) What sort
