a beginning phrensy.  For his part, he was near distraction.  All last
 week to suffer as he had suffered; and now to talk of civil regards only,
 when he had hoped, from the nobleness of my mind--
 Hope what you will, interrupted I, I must insist upon it, that our minds
 are by no means suited to each other.  You have brought me into
 difficulties.  I am deserted by every friend but Miss Howe.  My true
 sentiments I will not conceal--it is against my will that I must submit
 to owe protection from a brother's projects, which Miss Howe thinks are
 not given over, to you, who have brought me into these straights: not
 with my own concurrence brought me into them; remember that--
 I do remember that, Madam!--So often reminded, how can I forget it?--
 Yet I will owe to you this protection, if it be necessary, in the earnest
 hope that you will shun, rather than seek mischief, if any further
 inquiry after me be made.  But what hinders you from leaving me?--Cannot
 I send to you?  The widow Fretchville, it is plain, knows not her own
 mind: the people here are more civil to me every day than other: but I
 had rather have lodgings more agreeable to my circumstances.  I best know
 what will suit them; and am resolved not to be obliged to any body.  If
 you leave me, I will privately retire to some one of the neighbouring
 villages, and there wait my cousin Morden's arrival with patience.
 I presume, Madam, replied he, from what you have said, that your
 application to Harlowe-place has proved unsuccessful: I therefore hope
 that you will now give me leave to mention the terms in the nature of
 settlements, which I have long intended to propose to you; and which
 having till now delayed to do, through accidents not proceeding from
 myself, I had thoughts of urging to you the moment you entered upon your
 new house; and upon your finding yourself as independent in appearance
 as you are in fact.  Permit me, Madam, to propose these matters to you--
 not with an expectation of your immediate answer; but for your
 consideration.
