Were not hesitation, a self-felt glow, a downcast eye, encouragement more
 than enough? and yet you will observe (as I now do on recollection) that
 he was in no great hurry to solicit for a day; since he had no thoughts
 of proposing settlements till I had got into my new house; and now, in
 his great complaisance to me, he desired leave to propose his terms, not
 with an expectation of my immediate answer; but for my consideration only
 --Yet, my dear, your advice was too much in my head at this time.  I
 hesitated.
 He urged on upon my silence; he would call God to witness to the justice,
 nay to the generosity of his intentions to me, if I would be so good as
 to hear what he had to propose to me, as to settlements.
 Could not the man have fallen into the subject without this parade?  Many
 a point, you know, is refused, and ought to be refused, if leave be asked
 to introduce it; and when once refused, the refusal must in honour be
 adhered to--whereas, had it been slid in upon one, as I may say, it might
 have merited further consideration.  If such a man as Mr. Lovelace knows
 not this, who should?
 But he seemed to think it enough that he had asked my leave to propose
 his settlements.  He took no advantage of my silence, as I presume men as
 modest as Mr. Lovelace would have done in a like case: yet, gazing in my
 face very confidently, and seeming to expect my answer, I thought myself
 obliged to give the subject a more diffuse turn, in order to save myself
 the mortification of appearing too ready in my compliance, after such a
 distance as had been between us; and yet (in pursuance of your advice) I
 was willing to avoid the necessity of giving him such a repulse as might
 again throw us out of the course--a cruel alternative to be reduced to!
 You talk of generosity, Mr. Lovelace, said I; and you talk of justice;
 perhaps, without having considered the force of the words, in the sense
 you use them on this occasion.--Let me tell you what generosity is, in my
 sense of the word--TRUE GENEROSITY is not confined to pecuniary
