instances: it is more than politeness: it is more than good faith: it is
 more than honour; it is more than justice; since all of these are but
 duties, and what a worthy mind cannot dispense with.  But TRUE GENEROSITY
 is greatness of soul.  It incites us to do more by a fellow-creature than
 can be strictly required of us.  It obliges us to hasten to the relief of
 an object that wants relief; anticipating even such a one's hope or
 expectation.  Generosity, Sir, will not surely permit a worthy mind to
 doubt of its honourable and beneficent intentions: much less will it
 allow itself to shock, to offend any one; and, least of all, a person
 thrown by adversity, mishap, or accident, into its protection.
 What an opportunity had he to clear his intentions had he been so
 disposed, from the latter part of this home observation!--but he ran away
 with the first, and kept to that.
 Admirably defined! he said--But who, at this rate, Madam, can be said to
 be generous to you?--Your generosity I implore, while justice, as it must
 be my sole merit, shall be my aim.  Never was there a woman of such nice
 and delicate sentiments!
 It is a reflection upon yourself, Sir, and upon the company you have
 kept, if you think these notions either nice or delicate.  Thousands of
 my sex are more nice than I; for they would have avoided the devious path
 I have been surprised into; the consequences of which surprise have laid
 me under the sad necessity of telling a man, who has not delicacy enough
 to enter into those parts of the female character which are its glory and
 distinction, what true generosity is.
 His divine monitress, he called me.  He would endeavour to form his
 manners (as he had often promised) by my example.  But he hoped I would
 now permit him to mention briefly the justice he proposed to do me, in
 the terms of the settlements; a subject so proper, before now, to have
 entered upon; and which would have been entered upon long ago, had not
 my frequent displeasure [I am ever in fault, my dear!] taken from him the
