'If, as your own estate is at present in your father's hands, you rather
 choose that I should make a jointure out of mine, tantamount to yours, be
 it what it will, it shall be done.  I will engage Lord M. to write to
 you, what he proposes to do on the happy occasion: not as your desire or
 expectation, but to demonstrate, that no advantage is intended to be
 taken of the situation you are in with your own family.
 'To shew the beloved daughter the consideration I have for her, I will
 consent that she shall prescribe the terms of agreement in relation to
 the large sums, which must be in her father's hands, arising from her
 grandfather's estate.  I have no doubt, but he will be put upon making
 large demands upon you.  All those it shall be in your power to comply
 with,  for the sake of your own peace.  And the remainder shall be paid
 into your hands, and be entirely at your disposal, as a fund to support
 those charitable donations, which I have heard you so famed for out of
 your family, and for which you have been so greatly reflected upon in it.
 'As to clothes, jewels, and the like, against the time you shall choose
 to make your appearance, it will be my pride that you shall not be
 beholden for such of these, as shall be answerable to the rank of both,
 to those who have had the stupid folly to renounce a daughter they
 deserved not.  You must excuse me, Madam: you would mistrust my sincerity
 in the rest, could I speak of these people without asperity, though so
 nearly related to you.
 'These, Madam, are my proposals.  They are such as I always designed to
 make, whenever you would permit me to enter into the delightful subject.
 But you have been so determined to try every method for reconciling
 yourself to your relations, even by giving me absolutely up for ever,
 that you seemed to think it but justice to keep me at a distance, till
 the event of that your predominant hope could be seen.  It is now seen!
 --and although I have been, and perhaps still am, ready to regret the
 want of that preference I wished for from you as Miss Clarissa Harlowe,
