yet I am sure, as the husband of Mrs. Lovelace, I shall be more ready
 to adore than to blame you for the pangs you have given to a heart, the
 generosity, or rather, the justice of which, my implacable enemies have
 taught you to doubt: and this still the readier, as I am persuaded that
 those pangs never would have been given by a mind so noble, had not the
 doubt been entertained (perhaps with too great an appearance of reason);
 and as I hope I shall have it to reflect, that the moment the doubt shall
 be overcome, the indifference will cease.
 'I will only add, that if I have omitted any thing, that would have given
 you farther satisfaction; or if the above terms be short of what you
 would wish; you will be pleased to supply them as you think fit.  And
 when I know your pleasure, I will instantly order articles to be drawn up
 comformably, that nothing in my power may be wanting to make you happy.
 'You will now, dearest Madam, judge, how far all the rest depends upon
 yourself.'
 You see, my dear, what he offers.  You see it is all my fault, that he
 has not made these offers before.  I am a strange creature!--to be to
 blame in every thing, and to every body; yet neither intend the ill at
 the time, nor know it to be the ill too late, or so nearly too late, that
 I must give up all the delicacy he talks of, to compound for my fault!
 I shall now judge how far the rest depends upon myself!  So coldly
 concludes he such warm, and, in the main, unobjectionably proposals:
 Would you not, as you read, have supposed, that the paper would conclude
 with the most earnest demand of a day?--I own, I had that expectation so
 strong, resulting naturally, as I may say, from the premises, that
 without studying for dissatisfaction, I could not help being dissatisfied
 when I came to the conclusion.
 But you say there is no help.  I must perhaps make further sacrifices.
 All delicacy it seems is to be at an end with me!--but, if so, this man
 knows not what every wise man knows, that prudence, and virtue, and
