gentle shake or two, if I can but have patience to stay the ripening
 seasoning.
 [Thus triumphing in his unpolite cruelty, he says,]
 After her haughty treatment of me, I am resolved she shall speak out.
 There are a thousand beauties to be discovered in the face, in the
 accent, in the bush-beating hesitations of a woman who is earnest about a
 subject she wants to introduce, yet knows not how.  Silly fellows,
 calling themselves generous ones, would value themselves for sparing a
 lady's confusion: but they are silly fellows indeed; and rob themselves
 of prodigious pleasure by their forwardness; and at the same time deprive
 her of displaying a world of charms, which can only be manifested on
 these occasions.
 I'll tell thee beforehand, how it will be with my charmer in this case--
 she will be about it, and about it, several times: but I will not
 understand her: at least, after half a dozen hem--ings, she will be
 obliged to speak out--I think, Mr. Lovelace--I think, Sir--I think you
 were saying some days ago--Still I will be all silence--her eyes fixed
 upon my shoe-buckles, as I sit over-against her--ladies when put to it
 thus, always admire a man's shoe-buckles, or perhaps some particular
 beauties in the carpet.  I think you said that Mrs. Fretchville--Then a
 crystal tear trickles down each crimson cheek, vexed to have her virgin
 pride so little assisted.  But, come, my meaning dear, cry I to myself,
 remember what I have suffered for thee, and what I have suffered by thee!
 Thy tearful pausings shall not be helped out by me.  Speak out, love!--O
 the sweet confusion!  Can I rob myself of so many conflicting beauties by
 the precipitate charmer-pitying folly, by which a politer man [thou
 knowest, lovely, that I am no polite man!] betrayed by his own
 tenderness, and unused to female tears, would have been overcome?  I will
 feign an irresolution of mind on the occasion, that she may not quite
 abhor me--that her reflections on the scene in my absence may bring to
