that acting in the breast of a feeble woman, which never before, no, not
 in my first attempt, young as I then was, and frightened at my own
 boldness (till I found myself forgiven,) had such an effect upon me!
 [He paints in lively colours, that part of the scene between him and the
    Lady, where she says, The word father has a sweet and venerable sound
    with it.]
 I was exceedingly affected, says he, upon the occasion, but was ashamed
 to be surprised into such a fit of unmanly weakness--so ashamed, that I
 was resolved to subdue it at the instant, and to guard against the like
 for the future.  Yet, at that moment, I more than half regretted that I
 could not permit her to enjoy a triumph which she so well deserved to
 glory in--her youth, her beauty, her artless innocence, and her manner,
 equally beyond comparison or description.  But her indifference, Belford!
 --That she could resolve to sacrifice me to the malice of my enemies; and
 carry on the design in so clandestine a manner--and yet love her, as I
 do, to phrensy!--revere her, as I do, to adoration!--These were the
 recollections with which I fortified my recreant heart against her!--Yet,
 after all, if she persevere, she must conquer!--Coward, as she has made
 me, that never was a coward before!
 [He concludes his fourth letter in a vehement rage, upon her repulsing
    him, when he offered to salute her; having supposed, as he owns, that
    she would have been all condescension on his proposals to her.]
 This, says he, I will for ever remember against her, in order to steel my
 heart, that I may cut through a rock of ice to hers; and repay her for
 the disdain, the scorn, which glowed in her countenance, and was apparent
 in her air, at her abrupt departure for me, after such obliging behaviour
 on my side, and after I had so earnestly pressed her for an early day.
 The women below say she hates me; she despises me!--And 'tis true: she
 does; she must.--And why cannot I take their advice?  I will not long,
 my fair-one, be despised by thee, and laughed at by them!
