and looking back upon our foolish notions of the present hour, (our youth
 dissipated,) shall certainly despise ourselves when we think of the
 honourable engagements we might have made: thou, more especially, if thou
 lettest such a matchless creature slide through thy fingers.  A creature
 pure from her cradle.  In all her actions and sentiments uniformly noble.
 Strict in the performance of all her even unrewarded duties to the most
 unreasonable of fathers; what a wife will she make the man who shall have
 the honour to call her his!
 What apprehensions wouldst thou have had reason for, had she been
 prevailed upon by giddy or frail motives, for which one man, by
 importunity, might prevail, as well as another?
 We all know what an inventive genius thou art master of: we are all
 sensible, that thou hast a head to contrive, and a heart to execute.
 Have I not called thine the plotting'st heart in the universe?  I called
 it so upon knowledge.  What woulds't thou more?  Why should it be the
 most villainous, as well as the most able?--Marry the lady; and, when
 married, let her know what a number of contrivances thou hadst in
 readiness to play off.  Beg of her not to hate thee for the
 communication;  and assure her, that thou gavest them up for remorse, and
 in justice to her extraordinary merit: and let her have the opportunity
 of congratulating herself for subduing a heart so capable of what thou
 callest glorious mischief.  This will give her room for triumph; and even
 thee no less: she, for hers over thee; thou, for thine over thyself.
 Reflect likewise upon her sufferings for thee.  Actually at the time thou
 art forming schemes to ruin her, (at least in her sense of the word,) is
 she not labouring under a father's curse laid upon her by thy means, and
 for thy sake? and wouldst thou give operation and completion to that
 curse, which otherwise cannot have effect?
 And what, Lovelace, all the time is thy pride?--Thou that vainly
 imaginest that the whole family of the Harlowes, and that of the Howes
