too,  are but thy machines, unknown to themselves, to bring about thy
 purposes, and thy revenge, what art thou more, or better, than the
 instrument even of her implacable brother, and envious sister, to
 perpetuate the disgrace of the most excellent of sisters, to which they
 are moved by vilely low and sordid motives?--Canst thou bear, Lovelace,
 to be thought the machine of thy inveterate enemy James Harlowe?--Nay,
 art thou not the cully of that still viler Joseph Leman, who serves
 himself as much by thy money, as he does thee by the double part he acts
 by thy direction?--And further still, art thou not the devil's agent, who
 only can, and who certainly will, suitably reward thee, if thou
 proceedest, and if thou effectest thy wicked purpose?
 Could any man but thee put together upon paper the following questions
 with so much unconcern as thou seemest to have written them?--give them
 a reperusal, O heart of adamant!  'Whither can she fly to avoid me?  Her
 parents will not receive her.  Her uncles will not entertain her.  Her
 beloved Norton is in their direction, and cannot.  Miss Howe dare not.
 She has not one friend in town but ME--is entirely a stranger to the
 town.'*--What must that heart be that can triumph in a distress so deep,
 into which she has been plunged by thy elaborate arts and contrivances?
 And what a sweet, yet sad reflection was that, which had like to have had
 its due effect upon thee, arising from thy naming Lord M. for her nuptial
 father? her tender years inclining her to wish for a father, and to hope
 a friend.--O my dear Lovelace, canst thou resolve to be, instead of the
 father thou hast robbed her of, a devil?
 * See Letter XXI. of this volume.
 Thou knowest, that I have no interest, that I can have no view, in
 wishing thee to do justice to this admirable creature.  For thy own sake,
 once more I conjure thee, for thy family's sake, and for the sake of our
 common humanity, let me beseech thee to be just to Miss Clarissa Harlowe.
 No matter whether these expostulations are in character from me, or not.
