done, advice comes too late.
 He has always had the folly and impertinence to make a jest of me for
 using proverbs: but as they are the wisdom of whole nations and ages
 collected into a small compass, I am not to be shamed out of sentences
 that often contain more wisdom in them than the tedious harangues of most
 of our parsons and moralists.  Let him laugh at them, if he pleases: you
 and I know better things, Mr. Belford--Though you have kept company with
 a wolf, you have not learnt to howl of him.
 But nevertheless, you must let him know that I have written to you on
 this subject.  I am ashamed to say it; but he has ever treated me as if I
 were a man of very common understanding; and would, perhaps, think never
 the better of the best advice in the world for coming from me.  Those,
 Mr. Belford, who most love, are least set by.--But who would expect
 velvet to be made out of a sow's ear?
 I am sure he has no reason however to slight me as he does.  He may and
 will be the better for me, if he outlives me; though he once told me to
 my face, that I might do as I would with my estate; for that he, for his
 part, loved his liberty as much as he despised money.  And at another
 time, twitting me with my phrases, that the man was above controul, who
 wanted not either to borrow or flatter.  He thought, I suppose, that I
 could not cover him with my wings, without pecking at him with my bill;
 though I never used to be pecking at him, without very great occasion:
 and, God knows, he might have my very heart, if he would but endeavour
 to oblige me, by studying his own good; for that is all I desire of him.
 Indeed, it was his poor mother that first spoiled him; and I have been
 but too indulgent to him since.  A fine grateful disposition, you'll say,
 to return evil for good! but that was always his way.  It is a good
 saying, and which was verified by him with a witness--Children when
 little, make their parents fools; when great, mad.  Had his parents lived
 to see what I have seen of him, they would have been mad indeed.
