This match, however, as the lady has such an extraordinary share of
 wisdom and goodness, might set all to rights; and if you can forward it,
 I would enable him to make whatever settlements he could wish; and should
 not be unwilling to put him in possession of another pretty estate
 besides.  I am no covetous man, he knows.  And, indeed, what is a
 covetous man to be likened to so fitly, as to a dog in a wheel which
 roasts meat for others?  And what do I live for, (as I have often said,)
 but to see him and my two nieces well married and settled.  May Heaven
 settle him down to a better mind, and turn his heart to more of goodness
 and consideration!
 If the delays are on his side, I tremble for the lady; and, if on hers,
 (as he tells my niece Charlotte,) I could wish she were apprized that
 delays are dangerous.  Excellent as she is, she ought not to depend on
 her merits with such a changeable fellow, and such a profest marriage-
 hater, as he has been.  Desert and reward, I can assure her, seldom keep
 company together.
 But let him remember, that vengeance though it comes with leaden feet,
 strikes with iron hands.  If he behaves ill in this case, he may find it
 so.  What a pity it is, that a man of his talents and learning should be
 so vile a rake!  Alas! alas!  Une poignée de bonne vie vaut mieux que
 plein muy de clergée; a handful of good life is better than a whole
 bushel of learning.
 You may throw in, too, as a friend, that, should he provoke me, it may
 not be too late for me to marry.  My old friend Wycherly did so, when he
 was older than I am, on purpose to plague his nephew: and, in spite of
 this gout, I might have a child or two still.  I have not been without
 some thoughts that way, when he has angered me more than ordinary: but
 these thoughts have gone off again hitherto, upon my considering, that
 the children of very young and very old men (though I am not so very old
 neither) last not long; and that old men, when they marry young women,
