are said to make much of death: Yet who knows but that matrimony might be
 good against the gouty humours I am troubled with?
 No man is every thing--you, Mr. Belford, are a learned man.  I am a peer.
 And do you (as you best know how) inculcate upon him the force of these
 wise sayings which follow, as well as those which went before; but yet so
 indiscreetly, as that he may not know that you borrow your darts from my
 quiver.  These be they--Happy is the man who knows his follies in his
 youth.  He that lives well, lives long.  Again, He that lives ill one
 year, will sorrow for it seven.  And again, as the Spaniards have it--Who
 lives well, sees afar off!  Far off indeed; for he sees into eternity, as
 a man may say.  Then that other fine saying, He who perishes in needless
 dangers, is the Devil's martyr.  Another proverb I picked up at Madrid,
 when I accompanied Lord Lexington in his embassy to Spain, which might
 teach my nephew more mercy and compassion than is in his nature I doubt
 to shew; which is this, That he who pities another, remembers himself.
 And this that is going to follow, I am sure he has proved the truth of a
 hundred times, That he who does what he will seldom does what he ought.
 Nor is that unworthy of his notice, Young men's frolics old men feel.  My
 devilish gout, God help me--but I will not say what I was going to say.
 I remember, that you yourself, complimenting me for my taste in pithy and
 wise sentences, said a thing that gave me a high opinion of you; and it
 was this: 'Men of talents,' said you, 'are sooner to be convinced by
 short sentences than by long preachments, because the short sentences
 drive themselves into the heart and stay there, while long discourses,
 though ever so good, tire the attention; and one good thing drives out
 another, and so on till all is forgotten.'
 May your good counsel, Mr. Belford, founded upon these hints which I have
 given, pierce his heart, and incite him to do what will be so happy for
 himself, and so necessary for the honour of that admirable lady whom I
 long to see his wife; and, if I may, I will not think of one for myself.
