plain, tells thee, that thou has deserved my displeasure: and if it has
 convinced thee of that, it will make thee afraid of repeating thy fault.
 See that this be the consequence.  Else, now that thou hast told me how I
 can punish thee, it is very likely that I do punish thee by my silence,
 although I have as much pleasure in writing on this charming subject, as
 thou canst have in reading what I write.
 When a boy, if a dog ran away from me through fear, I generally looked
 about for a stone, or a stick; and if neither offered to my hand, I
 skinned my hat after him to make him afraid for something.  What
 signifies power, if we do not exert it?
 Let my Lord know, that thou hast scribbled to me.  But give him not the
 contents of thy epistle.  Though a parcel of crude stuff, he would think
 there was something in it.  Poor arguments will do, when brought in
 favour of what we like.  But the stupid peer little thinks that this lady
 is a rebel to Love.  On the contrary, not only he, but all the world
 believe her to be a volunteer in his service.--So I shall incur blame,
 and she will be pitied, if any thing happen amiss.
 Since my Lord's heart is set upon this match, I have written already to
 let him know, 'That my unhappy character had given my beloved an
 ungenerous diffidence of me.  That she is so mother-sick and father-fond,
 that she had rather return to Harlowe-place than marry.  That she is even
 apprehensive that the step she has taken of going off with me will make
 the ladies of a family of such rank and honour as ours think slightly of
 her.  That therefore I desire his Lordship (though this hint, I tell him,
 must be very delicately touched) to write me such a letter as I can shew
 her; (let him treat me in it ever so freely, I shall not take it amiss, I
 tell him, because I know his Lordship takes pleasure in writing to me in
 a corrective style).  That he may make what offers he pleases on the
 marriage.  That I desire his presence at the ceremony; that I may take
 from his hand the greatest blessing that mortal man can give me.'
