I have not absolutely told the lady that I would write to his Lordship to
 this effect; yet have given her reason to think I will.  So that without
 the last necessity I shall not produce the answer I expect from him: for
 I am very loth, I own, to make use of any of my family's names for the
 furthering of my designs.  And yet I must make all secure, before I pull
 off the mask.  Was not this my motive for bringing her hither?
 Thus thou seest that the old peer's letter came very seasonably.  I thank
 thee for that.  But as to his sentences, they cannot possibly do me good.
 I was early suffocated with his wisdom of nations.  When a boy, I never
 asked anything of him, but out flew a proverb; and if the tendency of
 that was to deny me, I never could obtain the least favour.  This gave me
 so great an aversion to the very word, that, when a child, I made it a
 condition with my tutor, who was an honest parson, that I would not read
 my Bible at all, if he would not excuse me one of the wisest books in it:
 to which, however, I had no other objection, than that it was called The
 Proverbs.  And as for Solomon, he was then a hated character with me, not
 because of his polygamy, but because I had conceived him to be such
 another musty old fellow as my uncle.
 Well, but let us leave old saws to old me. What signifies thy tedious
 whining over thy departing relation?  Is it not generally agreed that he
 cannot recover?  Will it not be kind in thee to put him out of his
 misery?  I hear that he is pestered still with visits from doctors, and
 apothecaries, and surgeons; that they cannot cut so deep as the
 mortification has gone; and that in every visit, in every scarification,
 inevitable death is pronounced upon him.  Why then do they keep
 tormenting him?  Is it not to take away more of his living fleece than of
 his dead flesh?--When a man is given over, the fee should surely be
 refused.  Are they not now robbing his heirs?--What has thou to do, if
 the will be as thou'dst have it?--He sent for thee [did he not?] to close
 his eyes.  He is but an uncle, is he?
