Let me see, if I mistake not, it is in the Bible, or some other good
 book:  can it be in Herodotus?--O I believe it is in Josephus, a half-
 sacred, and half-profane author.  He tells us of a king of Syria put out
 of his pain by his prime minister, or one who deserved to be so for his
 contrivance.  The story says, if I am right, that he spread a wet cloth
 over his face, which killing him, he reigned in his place.  A notable
 fellow!  Perhaps this wet cloth in the original, is what we now call
 laudanum; a potion that overspreads the faculties, as the wet cloth did
 the face of the royal patient; and the translator knew not how to render
 But how like forlorn varlet thou subscribest, 'Thy melancholy friend, J.
 BELFORD!'  Melancholy!  For what?  To stand by, and see fair play between
 an old man and death?  I thought thou hadst been more of a man; that thou
 art not afraid of an acute death, a sword's point, to be so plaugily
 hip'd at the consequences of a chronical one!--What though the
 scarificators work upon him day by day?  It's only upon a caput mortuum:
 and pr'ythee go to, to use the stylum veterum, and learn of the royal
 butchers; who, for sport, (an hundred times worse men than thy Lovelace,)
 widow ten thousand at a brush, and make twice as many fatherless--learn
 of them, I say, how to support a single death.
 But art thou sure, Jack, it is a mortification?--My uncle once gave
 promises of such a root-and-branch distemper: but, alas! it turned to a
 smart gout-fit; and I had the mortification instead of him.--I have heard
 that bark, in proper doses, will arrest a mortification in its progress,
 and at last cure it.  Let thy uncle's surgeon know, that it is worth more
 than his ears, if he prescribe one grain of the bark.
 I wish my uncle had given me the opportunity of setting thee a better
 example: thou shouldst have seen what a brave fellow I had been.  And had
 I had occasion to write, my conclusion would have been this: 'I hope the
 old Trojan's happy.  In that hope, I am so; and
 'Thy rejoicing friend,
