herself his cashier, she has been unable to account for large sums, which
 he thought forthcoming at demand, and had trusted to her custody, in
 order to pay off a mortgage upon his parental estate in Kent, which his
 heart has run upon leaving clear, but which now cannot be done, and will
 soon be foreclosed.  And yet she has so long passed for his wife, that he
 knows not what to resolve upon about her; nor about the two boys he was
 so fond of, supposing them to be his; whereas now he begins to doubt his
 share in them.
 So KEEPING don't do, Lovelace.  'Tis not the eligible wife.  'A man must
 keep a woman, said the poor fellow to me, but not his estate!--Two
 interests!--Then, my tottering fabric!' pointing to his emaciated
 carcass.
 We do well to value ourselves upon our liberty, or to speak more
 properly, upon the liberties we take.  We had need to run down matrimony
 as we do, and to make that state the subject of our frothy jests; when we
 frequently render ourselves (for this of Tom's is not a singular case)
 the dupes and tools of women who generally govern us (by arts our wise
 heads penetrate not) more absolutely than a wife would attempt to do.
 Let us consider this point a little; and that upon our own principles, as
 libertines, setting aside what is exacted from us by the laws of our
 country, and its customs; which, nevertheless, we cannot get over, till
 we have got over almost all moral obligations, as members of society.
 In the first place, let us consider (we, who are in possession of estates
 by legal descent) how we should have liked to have been such naked
 destitute varlets, as we must have been, had our fathers been as wise as
 ourselves; and despised matrimony as we do--and then let us ask
 ourselves, If we ought not to have the same regard for our posterity, as
 we are glad our fathers had for theirs?
 But this, perhaps, is too moral a consideration.--To proceed therefore to
 those considerations which will be more striking to us: How can we
