utmost contempt for his dissolute life.
 And were we to suppose his estate in his power to bequeath as he pleases;
 why should a man resolve, for the gratifying of his foolish humour only,
 to bastardize his race?  Why should he wish to expose his children to the
 scorn and insults of the rest of the world?  Why should he, whether they
 are sons or daughters, lay them under the necessity of complying with
 proposals of marriage, either inferior as to fortune, or unequal as to
 age?  Why should he deprive the children he loves, who themselves may be
 guilty of no fault, of the respect they would wish to have, and to
 deserve; and of the opportunity of associating themselves with proper,
 that is to say, with reputable company? and why should he make them think
 themselves under obligation to every person of character, who will
 vouchsafe to visit them?  What little reason, in a word, would such
 children have to bless their father's obstinate defiance of the laws and
 customs of his country; and for giving them a mother, of whom they could
 not think with honour; to whose crime it was that they owed their very
 beings, and whose example it was their duty to shun?
 If the education and morals of these children are left to chance, as too
 generally they are, (for the man who has humanity and a feeling heart,
 and who is capable of fondness for his offspring, I take it for granted
 will marry,) the case is still worse; his crime is perpetuated, as I may
 say, by his children: and the sea, the army, perhaps the highway, for the
 boys; the common for the girls; too often point out the way to a worse
 catastrophe.
 What therefore, upon the whole, do we get by treading in these crooked
 paths, but danger, disgrace, and a too-late repentance?
 And after all, do we not frequently become the cullies of our own
 libertinism; sliding into the very state with those half-worn-out doxies,
 which perhaps we might have entered into with their ladies; at least with
 their superiors both in degree and fortune? and all the time lived
