handsomely like ourselves; not sneaking into holes and corners; and, when
 we crept abroad with our women, looking about us, and at ever one that
 passed us, as if we were confessedly accountable to the censures of all
 honest people.
 My cousin Tony Jenyns, thou knewest.  He had not the actively mischievous
 spirit, that thou, Belton, Mowbray, Tourville, and myself, have: but he
 imbibed the same notions we do, and carried them into practice.
 How did he prate against wedlock! how did he strut about as a wit and a
 smart! and what a wit and a smart did all the boys and girls of our
 family (myself among the rest, then an urchin) think him, for the airs he
 gave himself?--Marry!  No, not for the world; what man of sense would
 bear the insolences, the petulances, the expensiveness of a wife!  He
 could not for the heart of him think it tolerable, that a woman of equal
 rank and fortune, and, as it might happen, superior talents to his own,
 should look upon herself to have a right to share the benefit of that
 fortune which she brought him.
 So, after he had fluttered about the town for two or three years, in all
 which time he had a better opinion of himself than any body else had,
 what does he do, but enter upon an affair with his fencing-master's
 daughter?
 He succeeds; takes private lodgings for her at Hackney; visits her by
 stealth; both of them tender of reputations that were extremely tender,
 but which neither had quite given up; for rakes of either sex are always
 the last to condemn or cry down themselves: visited by nobody, nor
 visiting: the life of a thief, or of a man bested by creditors, afraid to
 look out of his own house, or to be seen abroad with her.  And thus went
 on for twelve years, and, though he had a good estate, hardly making both
 ends meet; for though no glare, there was no economy; and, beside, he had
 ever year a child, and very fond of his children was he.  But none of
 them lived above three years.  And being now, on the death of the
