before, while my spouse resides in her own house, (when Mrs. Fretchville
 could be brought to quit it,) in order to gratify her utmost punctilio.
 'My passion for my beloved (which, as I told them in a high and fervent
 accent, was the truest that man could have for woman) I boasted of.  It
 was, in short, I said, of the true platonic kind; or I had no notion of
 what platonic love was.'
 So it is, Jack; and must end as platonic love generally does end.
 'Sally and Mrs. Sinclair next praised, but not grossly, my beloved.
 Sally particularly admired her purity; called it exemplary; yet (to avoid
 suspicion) expressed her thoughts that she was rather over-nice, if she
 might presume to say so before me.  But nevertheless she applauded me for
 the strict observation I made of my vow.
 'I more freely blamed her reserves to me; called her cruel; inveighed
 against her relations; doubted her love.  Every favour I asked of her
 denied me.  Yet my behaviour to her as pure and delicate when alone, as
 when before them.  Hinted at something that had passed between us that
 very day, that shewed her indifference to me in so strong a light, that I
 could not bear it.  But that I would ask her for her company to the play
 of Venice Preserved, given out for Sunday night as a benefit-play; the
 prime actors to be in it; and this, to see if I were to be denied every
 favour.--Yet, for my own part, I loved not tragedies; though she did, for
 the sake of the instruction, the warning, and the example generally given
 in them.
 'I had too much feeling, I said.  There was enough in the world to make
 our hearts sad, without carrying grief in our diversions, and making the
 distresses of others our own.'
 True enough, Belford; and I believe, generally speaking, that all the men
 of our cast are of my mind--They love not any tragedies but those in
 which they themselves act the parts of tyrants and executioners; and,
 afraid to trust themselves with serious and solemn reflections, run to
