and gloomy face of my condition [all nature, you know, my dear, and every
 thing in it, has a bright and a gloomy side] as to be thought unable to
 enjoy a more hopeful prospect.  And this, not only for my own sake, but
 for yours, who take such generous concern in all that befalls me.
 Let me tell you then, my dear, that I have known four-and-twenty hours
 together not unhappy ones, my situation considered.
 [She then gives the particulars of the conversation which she had
    overheard between Mr. Lovelace, Mrs. Sinclair, and Miss Martin; but
    accounts more minutely than he had done for the opportunity she had of
    overhearing it, unknown to them.
 She gives the reasons she has to be pleased with what she heard from
    each: but is shocked at the measure he is resolved to take, if he
    misses her but for one day.  Yet is pleased that he proposes to avoid
    aggressive violence, if her brother and he meet in town.]
 Even Dorcas, says she, appears less exceptionable to me than before; and
 I cannot but pity her for her neglected education, as it is matter of so
 much regret to herself: else, there would not be much in it; as the low
 and illiterate are the most useful people in the common-wealth (since
 such constitute the labouring part of the public); and as a lettered
 education but too generally sets people above those servile offices by
 which the businesses of the world is carried on.  Nor have I any doubt
 but there are, take the world through, twenty happy people among the
 unlettered, to one among those who have had a school-education.
 This, however, concludes not against learning or letters; since one would
 wish to lift to some little distinction, and more genteel usefulness,
 those who have capacity, and whose parentage one respects, or whose
 services one would wish to reward.
 Were my mind quite at ease, I could enlarge, perhaps not unusefully, upon
 this subject; for I have considered it with as much attention as my
 years, and little experience and observation, will permit.
