But the extreme illiterateness and indocility of this maid are
 surprising, considering that she wants not inquisitiveness, appears
 willing to learn, and, in other respects, has quick parts.  This confirms
 to me what I have heard remarked, That there is a docible season, a
 learning-time, as I may say, for every person, in which the mind may be
 led, step by step, from the lower to the higher, (year by year,) to
 improvement.  How industriously ought these seasons, as they offer, to be
 taken hold of by tutors, parents, and other friends, to whom the
 cultivation of the genius of children and youth is committed; since, once
 elapsed, and no foundation laid, they hardly ever return!--And yet it
 must be confessed, that there are some geniuses, which, like some fruits,
 ripen not till late.  And industry and perseverance will do prodigious
 things--but for a learner to have those first rudiments to master at
 twenty years of age, suppose, which others are taught, and they
 themselves might have attained, at ten, what an uphill labour!
 These kind of observations you have always wished me to intersperse, as
 they arise to my thoughts.  But it is a sign that my prospects are a
 little mended, or I should not, among so many more interesting ones that
 my mind has been of late filled with, have had heart's ease enough to
 make them.
 Let me give you my reflections on my more hopeful prospects.
 I am now, in the first place, better able to account for the delays about
 the house than I was before--Poor Mrs. Fretchville!--Though I know her
 not, I pity her!--Next, it looks well, that he had apprized the women
 (before this conversation with them, of his intention to stay in this
 house, after I was removed to the other.  By the tone of his voice he
 seemed concerned for the appearance of this new delay would have with me.
 So handsomely did Miss Martin express herself of me, that I am sorry,
 methinks, that I judged so hardly of her, when I first came hither--free
 people may go a great way, but not all the way: and as such are generally
