contraband traders.  What is it, but bidding defiance to the laws of our
 country, when we do, and hurting fair traders; and at the same time
 robbing our prince of his legal due, to the diminution of those duties
 which possibly must be made good by new levities upon the public?
 But, however, Mrs. Townsend and I, though I have not yet had dealings
 with her, are upon a very good foot of understanding.  She is a sensible
 woman; she has been abroad, and often goes abroad in the way of her
 business, and gives very entertaining accounts of all she has seen.
 And having applied to me to recommend her to you, (as it is her view to
 be known to young ladies who are likely to change their condition,) I am
 sure I can engage her to give you protection at her house at Deptford;
 which she says is a populous village, and one of the last, I should
 think, in which you would be sought for.  She is not much there, you will
 believe, by the course of her dealings, but, no doubt, must have somebody
 on the spot, in whom she can confide: and there, perhaps, you might be
 safe till your cousin comes.  And I should not think it amiss that you
 write to him out of hand.  I cannot suggest to you what you should write.
 That must be left to your own discretion.  For you will be afraid, no
 doubt, of the consequence of a variance between the two men.
 But, notwithstanding all this, and were I sure of getting you safely out
 of his hands, I will nevertheless forgive you, were you to make all up
 with him, and marry to-morrow.  Yet I will proceed with my projected
 scheme in relation to Mrs. Townsend; though I hope there will be no
 occasion to prosecute it, since your prospects seem to be changed, and
 since you have had twenty-four not unhappy hours together.  How my
 indignation rises for this poor consolation in the courtship [courtship
 must I call it?] of such a woman! let me tell you, my dear, that were you
 once your own absolute and independent mistress, I should be tempted,
 notwithstanding all I have written, to wish you to be the wife of any man
 in the world, rather than the wife either of Lovelace or of Solmes.
