Any body, except myself, who could have been acquainted with such a
 fal-lal courtship as this must have been had it proceeded, would have
 been glad it had gone on: and I dare say, but for the saucy daughter, it
 had. My good mamma, in that case, would have been ten years the younger
 for it, perhaps: and, could I but have approved of it, I should have been
 considered by her as if ten years older than I am: since, very likely, it
 would have been: 'We widows, my dear, know not how to keep men at a
 distance--so as to give them pain, in order to try their love.--You must
 advise me, child: you must teach me to be cruel--yet not too cruel
 neither--so as to make a man heartless, who has no time, God wot, to
 throw away.'--Then would my behaviour to Mr. Hickman have been better
 liked; and my mother would have bridled like her daughter.
 O my dear, how might we have been diverted by the practisings for the
 recovery of the long forgottens! could I have been sure that it would
 have been in my power to have put them asunder, in the Irish style,
 before they had come together.  But there's no trusting to the widow
 whose goods and chattels are in her own hands, addressed by an old
 bachelor who has fine things, and offers to leave her ten thousand pounds
 better than he found her, and sole mistress, besides, of all her
 notables! for these, as you will see by-and-by, are his proposals.
 The old Triton's address carries the writer's marks upon the very
 subscription--To the equally amiable and worthy admired [there's for
 you!] Mrs. ANABELLA HOWE, widow, the last word added, I suppose as
 Esquire to a man, as a word of honour; or for fear the bella to Anna,
 should not enough distinguish the person meant from the spinster: [vain
 hussy you'll call me, I know:] And then follows;--These humbly present.
 --Put down as a memorandum, I presume, to make a leg, and behave
 handsomely at presenting it, he intending, very probably, to deliver it
 himself.
 And now stand by--to see
