entertainment by much, than sitting with a too smartish daughter,
 sometimes out of humour; and thwarting, and vexing, as daughters will,
 (when women-grown especially, as I have heard you often observe;) and
 thinking their parents old, without paying them the reverence due to
 years; when, as in your case, I make no sort of doubt, they are young
 enough to wipe their noses.  You understand me, Madam.
 As for me myself, it will be very happy, and I am delighted with the
 thinking of it, to have, after a pleasant ride, or so, a lady of like
 experience with myself to come home to, and but one interest betwixt us:
 to reckon up our comings-in together; and what this day and this week has
 produced--O how this will increase love!--most mightily will it increase
 it!--and I believe I shall never love you enough, or be able to show you
 all my love.
 I hope, Madam, there need not be such maiden niceties and hangings-off,
 as I may call them, between us, (for hanging-off sake,) as that you will
 deny me a line or two to this proposal, written down, although you would
 not answer me so readily when I spoke to you; your daughter being, I
 suppose, hard by; for you looked round you, as if not willing to be
 overheard.  So I resolved to write: that my writing may stand as upon
 record  for my upright meaning; being none of your Lovelaces; you will
 mark that, Madam; but a downright, true, honest, faithful Englishman.  So
 hope you will not disdain to write a line or two to this my proposal: and
 I shall look upon it as a great honour, I will assure you, and be proud
 thereof.  What can I say more?--for you are your own mistress, as I am my
 own master: and you shall always be your own mistress, be pleased to mark
 that; for so a lady of your prudence and experience ought to be.
 This is a long letter.  But the subject requires it; because I would not
 write twice where once would do.  So would explain my sense and meaning
 at one time.
 I have had writing in my head two whole months very near; but hardly knew
