A woman I think makes but a poor figure in a man's eye afterwards, and
 does no reputation to her sex neither, when she behaves like a tyrant to
 him beforehand.
 To be sure, Sir, if I were to change my condition, I know not a gentleman
 whose proposal could be more agreeable.  Your nephew and your nieces have
 enough without you: my daughter has a fine fortune without me, and I
 should take care to double it, living or dying, were I to do such a
 thing: so nobody need to be the worse for it.  But Nancy would not think
 All the comfort I know of in children, is, that when young they do with
 us what they will, and all is pretty in them to their very faults; and
 when they are grown up, they think their parents must live for them only;
 and deny themselves every thing for their sakes.  I know Nancy could not
 bear a father-in-law.  She would fly at the very thought of my being in
 earnest to give her one.  Not that I stand in fear of my daughter
 neither.  It is not fit I should.  But she has her poor papa's spirit.
 A very violent one that was.  And one would not choose, you know, Sir, to
 enter into any affair, that, one knows, one must renounce a daughter for,
 or she a mother--except indeed one's heart were much in it; which, I
 bless God, mine is not.
 I have now been a widow these ten years; nobody to controul me: and I am
 said not to bear controul: so, Sir, you and I are best as we are, I
 believe: nay, I am sure of it: for we want not what either has; having
 both more than we know what to do with.  And I know I could not be in the
 least accountable for any of my ways.
 My daughter indeed, though she is a fine girl, as girls go, (she has too
 much sense indeed for one of her sex, and knows she has it,) is more a
 check to me than one would wish a daughter to be: for who would choose to
 be always snapping at each other?  But she will soon be married; and
 then, not living together, we shall only come together when we are
 pleased, and stay away when we are not; and so, like other lovers, never
