and a key to her lady's chamber, as well as a master-key to her drawers
 and mahogany chest, closet-key and all, found means to come at some of
 Miss Howe's last-written letters.  The vigilant wench was directed to
 them by seeing her lady take a letter out of her stays, and put it to the
 others, before she went out with me--afraid, as the women upbraidingly
 tell me, that I should find it there.
 Dorcas no sooner found them, than she assembled three ready writers of
 the non-apparents; and Sally, and she, and they employed themselves with
 the utmost diligence, in making extracts, according to former directions,
 from these cursed letters, for my use.  Cursed, may I well call them--
 Such abuses!--Such virulence!--O this little fury Miss Howe!--Well might
 her saucy friend (who has been equally free with me, or the occasion
 could not have been given) be so violent as she lately was, at my
 endeavouring to come at one of these letters.
 I was sure, that this fair-one, at so early an age, with a constitution
 so firm, health so blooming, eyes so sparkling, expectations therefore so
 lively, and hope so predominating, could not be absolutely, and from her
 own vigilance, so guarded, and so apprehensive, as I have found her to
 Sparkling eyes, Jack, when the poetical tribe have said all they can for
 them, are an infallible sign of a rogue, or room for a rogue, in the
 heart.
 Thou mayest go on with thy preachments, and Lord M. with his wisdom of
 nations, I am now more assured of her than ever.  And now my revenge is
 up, and joined with my love, all resistance must fall before it.  And
 most solemnly do I swear, that Miss Howe shall come in for her snack.
 And here, just now, is another letter brought from the same little
 virulent devil.  I hope to procure scripts from that too, very speedily,
 if it be put to the test; for the saucy fair-one is resolved to go to
 church this morning; no so much from a spirit of devotion, I have reason
 to think, as to try whether she can go out without check, controul, or
