women are enraged at both the correspondents for this; and more than ever
 make a point of my subduing her.  I had a good mind to give Miss Howe to
 them in full property.  Say but the word, Jack, and it shall be done.
 'She is glad that Miss Harlowe had thoughts of taking me at my word.  She
 wondered I did not offer again.'  Advises her, if I don't soon, 'not to
 stay with me.'  Cautions her, 'to keep me at a distance; not to permit
 the least familiarity.'--See, Jack! see Belford!--Exactly as I thought!--
 Her vigilance all owing to a cool friend; who can sit down quietly, and
 give that advice, which in her own case she could not take.  What an
 encouragement to me to proceed in my devices, when I have reason to think
 that my beloved's reserves are owing more to Miss Howe's cautions than to
 her own inclinations!  But 'it is my interest to be honest,' Miss Howe
 tells her.--INTEREST, fools!--I thought these girls knew, that my
 interest was ever subservient to my pleasure.
 What would I give to come at the copies of the letters to which those of
 Miss Howe are answers!
 The next letter is dated May 3.*  In this the little termagant expresses
 her astonishment, that her mother should write to Miss Harlowe, to forbid
 her to correspond with her daughter.  Mr. Hickman, she says, is of
 opinion, 'that she ought not to obey her mother.'  How the creeping
 fellow trims between both!  I am afraid, that I must punish him, as well
 as this virago; and I have a scheme rumbling in my head, that wants but
 half an hour's musing to bring into form, that will do my business upon
 both.  I cannot bear, that the parental authority should be thus
 despised, thus trampled under foot.  But observe the vixen, ''Tis well he
 is of her opinion; for her mother having set her up, she must have
 somebody to quarrel with.'--Could a Lovelace have allowed himself a
 greater license?  This girl's a devilish rake in her heart.  Had she been
 a man, and one of us, she'd have outdone us all in enterprise and spirit.
 * See Vol. IV. Letter X.
