'She wants but very little farther provocation,' she says, 'to fly
 privately to London.  And if she does, she will not leave her till she
 sees her either honourably married, or quit of the wretch.'  Here, Jack,
 the transcriber Sally has added a prayer--'For the Lord's sake, dear Mr.
 Lovealce, get this fury to London!'--Her fate, I can tell thee, Jack, if
 we had her among us, should not be so long deciding as her friend's.
 What a gantelope would she run, when I had done with her, among a dozen
 of her own pitiless sex, whom my charmer shall never see!--But more of
 this anon.
 I find by this letter, that my saucy captive has been drawing the
 characters of every varlet of ye.  Nor am I spared in it more than you.
 'The man's a fool, to be sure, my dear.'  Let me perish, if they either
 of them find me one!--'A silly fellow, at least.'  Cursed contemptible!--
 'I see not but they are a set of infernals!'  There's one for thee,
 Lovelace! and yet she would have her friend marry a Beelzebub.--And what
 have any of us done, (within the knowledge of Miss Harlowe,) that she
 should give such an account of us, as should excuse so much abuse from
 Miss Howe!--But the occasion that shall warrant this abuse is to come!
 She blames her, for 'not admitting Miss Partington to her bed--watchful,
 as you are, what could have happened?--If violence were intended, he
 would not stay for the night.'  I am ashamed to have this hinted to me by
 this virago.  Sally writes upon this hint--'See, Sir, what is expected
 from you.  An hundred, and an hundred times have we told you of this.'--
 And so they have.  But to be sure, the advice from them was not half the
 efficacy as it will be from Miss Howe.--'You might have sat up after her,
 or not gone to bed,' proceeds she.
 But can there be such apprehensions between them, yet the one advise her
 to stay, and the other resolve to wait my imperial motion for marriage?
 I am glad I know that.
 She approves of my proposal of Mrs. Fretchville's house.  She puts her
