pocket, very quickly I believe.
 She says, 'she is equally shocked and enraged against all her family:
 Mrs. Norton's weight has been tried upon Mrs. Harlowe, as well as Mr.
 Hickman's upon the uncle: but never were there,' says the vixen, 'such
 determined brutes in the world.  Her uncle concludes her ruined already.'
 Is not that a call upon me, as well as a reproach?--'They all expected
 applications from her when in distress--but were resolved not to stir an
 inch to save her life.'  Miss Howe 'is concerned,' she tells her, 'for
 the revenge my pride may put me upon taking for the distance she has kept
 me at'--and well she may.--It is now evident to her, that she must be
 mine (for her cousin Morden, it seems, is set against her too)--an act of
 necessity, of convenience!--thy friend, Jack, to be already made a
 woman's convenience!  Is this to be borne by a Lovelace?
 I shall make great use of this letter.  From Miss Howe's hints of what
 passed between her uncle Harlowe and Hickman, [it must be Hickman,] I can
 give room for my invention to play; for she tells her, that 'she will not
 reveal all.'  I must endeavour to come at this letter myself.  I must
 have the very words: extracts will not do.  This letter, when I have it,
 must be my compass to steer by.
 The fire of friendship then blazes and crackles.  I never before imagined
 that so fervent a friendship could subsist between two sister-beauties,
 both toasts.  But even here it may be inflamed by opposition, and by that
 contradiction which gives vigour to female spirits of a warm and romantic
 turn.
 She raves about 'coming up, if by doing so she could prevent so noble a
 creature from stooping too low, or save her from ruin.'--One reed to
 support another!  I think I will contrive to bring her up.
 How comes it to pass, that I cannot help being pleased with this virago's
 spirit, though I suffer by it?  Had I her but here, I'd engage, in a
 week's time, to teach her submission without reserve.  What pleasure
