should I have in breaking such a spirit!  I should wish for her but for
 one month, I think.  She would be too tame and spiritless for me after
 that.  How sweetly pretty to see the two lovely friends, when humbled and
 tame, both sitting in the darkest corner of a room, arm in arm, weeping
 and sobbing for each other!--and I their emperor, their then acknowledged
 emperor, reclined at my ease in the same room, uncertain to which I
 should first, grand signor like, throw out my handkerchief!
 Again mind the girl: 'She is enraged at the Harlowes;' she is 'angry at
 her own mother;' she is exasperated against her foolish and low-vanity'd
 Lovelace.'  FOOLISH, a little toad!  [God forgive me for calling such a
 virtuous girl a toad!]--'Let us stoop to lift the wretch out of his dirt,
 though we soil our fingers in doing it!  He has not been guilty of direct
 indecency to you.'  It seems extraordinary to Miss Howe that I have not.
 --'Nor dare he!'  She should be sure of that.  If women have such things
 in their heads, why should not I in my heart?  Not so much of a devil as
 that comes to neither.  Such villainous intentions would have shown
 themselves before now if I had them.--Lord help them!--
 She then puts her friend upon urging for settlements, license, and so
 forth.--'No room for delicacy now,' she says; and tells her what she
 shall say, 'to bring all forward from me.'  Is it not as clear to thee,
 Jack, as it is to me, that I should have carried my point long ago, but
 for this vixen?--She reproaches her for having MODESTY'D away, as she
 calls it, more than one opportunity, that she ought not to have slipt.--
 Thus thou seest, that the noblest of the sex mean nothing in the world
 by their shyness and distance, but to pound the poor fellow they dislike
 not, when he comes into their purlieus.
 Though 'tricked into this man's power,' she tells her, she is 'not meanly
 subjugated to it.'  There are hopes of my reformation, it seems, 'from my
 reverence for her; since before her I never had any reverence for what
 was good!'  I am 'a great, a specious deceiver.'  I thank her for this,
