ardours that honest men have.'  Miss Howe has very pretty fancies, Jack.
 Charming girl!  Would to Heaven I knew whether my fair-one answers her as
 freely as she writes!  'Twould vex a man's heart, that this virago should
 have come honestly by her fancies.
 Who knows but I may have half a dozen creatures to get off my hands,
 before I engage for life?--Yet, lest this should mean me a compliment, as
 if I would reform, she adds her belief, that she 'must not expect me to
 be honest on this side my grand climacteric.'  She has an high opinion of
 her sex, to think they can charm so long a man so well acquainted with
 their identicalness.
 'He to suggest delays,' she says, 'from a compliment to be made to Lord
 M.!'--Yes, I, my dear.--Because a man has not been accustomed to be
 dutiful, must he never be dutiful?--In so important a case as this too!
 the hearts of his whole family are engaged in it!--'You did, indeed,'
 says she, 'want an interposing friend--but were I to have been in your
 situation, I would have torn his eyes out, and left it to his heart to
 furnish the reason for it.'  See!  See!  What sayest thou to this, Jack?
 'Villain--fellow that he is!' follow.  And for what?  Only for wishing
 that the next day were to be my happy one; and for being dutiful to my
 nearest relation.
 'It is the cruelest of fates,' she says, 'for a woman to be forced to
 have a man whom her heart despises.'--That is what I wanted to be sure
 of.--I was afraid, that my beloved was too conscious of her talents; of
 her superiority!  I was afraid that she indeed despises me.--And I cannot
 bear to think that she does.  But, Belford, I do not intend that this
 lady shall be bound down to so cruel a fate.  Let me perish if I marry a
 woman who has given her most intimate friend reason to say, she despises
 me!--A Lovelace to be despised, Jack!
 'His clenched fist to his forehead on your leaving him in just
 displeasure'--that is, when she was not satisfied with my ardours, if it
