[As the Lady could not know what Mr. Lovelace's designs were, nor the
    cause of his ill humour, it will not be improper to pursue the subject
    from his letter.
 Having described his angry manner of demanding, in person, her company at
    supper, he proceeds as follows:]
 ''Tis hard, answered the fair perverse, that I am to be so little my own
 mistress.  I will meet you in the dining-room half an hour hence.
 'I went down to wait the half hour.  All the women set me hard to give
 her cause for this tyranny.  They demonstrated, as well from the nature
 of the sex, as of the case, that I had nothing to hope for from my
 tameness, and could meet with no worse treatment, were I to be guilty of
 the last offence.  They urge me vehemently to try at least what effect
 some greater familiarities than I had ever taken with her would have: and
 their arguments being strengthened by my just resentments on the
 discoveries I had made, I was resolved to take some liberties, as they
 were received, to take still greater, and lay all the fault upon her
 tyranny.  In this humour I went up, and never had paralytic so little
 command of his joints, as I had, while I walked about the dining-room,
 attending her motions.
 'With an erect mien she entered, her face averted, her lovely bosom
 swelling, and the more charmingly protuberant for the erectness of her
 mien.  O Jack! that sullenness and reserve should add to the charms of
 this haughty maid! but in every attitude, in every humour, in every
 gesture, is beauty beautiful.  By her averted face, and indignant aspect,
 I saw the dear insolent was disposed to be angry--but by the fierceness
 of mine, as my trembling hand seized hers, I soon made fear her
 predominant passion.  And yet the moment I beheld her, my heart was
 dastardized; and my reverence for the virgin purity, so visible in her
 whole deportment, again took place.  Surely, Belford, this is an angel.
 And yet, had she not been known to be a female, they would not from
