'You come up in no good temper, I see, Mr. Lovelace.--But pray be not
 violent--I have done you no hurt.--Pray be not violent--
 'Sweet creature! and I clasped one arm about her, holding one hand in my
 other.--You have done me no hurt.--I could have devoured her--but
 restraining myself--You have done me the greatest hurt!--In what have I
 deserved the distance you keep me at?--I knew not what to say.
 'She struggled to disengage herself.--Pray, Mr. Lovelace, let me
 withdraw.  I know not why this is.  I know not what I have done to offend
 you.  I see you are come with a design to quarrel with me.  If you would
 not terrify me by the ill humour you are in, permit me to withdraw.  I
 will hear all you have to say another time--to-morrow morning, as I sent
 you word.--But indeed you frighten me--I beseech you, if you have any
 value for me, permit me to withdraw.
 'Night, mid-night, is necessary, Belford.  Surprise, terror, must be
 necessary to the ultimate trial of this charming creature, say the women
 below what they will.  I could not hold my purposes.  This was not the
 first time that I had intended to try if she could forgive.
 'I kissed her hand with a fervour, as if I would have left my lips upon
 it.--Withdraw, then, dearest, and ever-dear creature.  Indeed I entered
 in a very ill humour.  I cannot bear the distance at which you so
 causelessly keep me.  Withdraw, Madam, since it is your will to withdraw;
 and judge me generously; judge me but as I deserve to be judged; and let
 me hope to meet you to-morrow morning early in such a temper as becomes
 our present situation, and my future hopes.
 'And so saying, I conducted her to the door, and left her there.  But,
 instead of going down to the women, I went into my own chamber, and
 locked myself in; ashamed of being awed by her majestic loveliness, and
 apprehensive virtue, into so great a change of purpose, notwithstanding I
 had such just provocations from the letters of her saucy friend, formed
 on her own representations of facts and situations between herself and
