[The Lady (dated Sunday night) thus describes her terrors, and Mr.
    Lovelace's behaviour, on the occasion.]
 On my entering the dining-room, he took my hand in his, in such a humour,
 I saw plainly he was resolved to quarrel with me--And for what?--What had
 I done to him?--I never in my life beheld in any body such wild, such
 angry, such impatient airs.  I was terrified; and instead of being as
 angry as I intended to be, I was forced to be all mildness.  I can hardly
 remember what were his first words, I was so frighted.  But you hate me,
 Madam! you hate me, Madam! were some of them--with such a fierceness--I
 wished myself a thousand miles distant from him.  I hate nobody, said I:
 I thank God I hate nobody--You terrify me, Mr. Lovelace--let me leave
 you.--The man, my dear, looked quite ugly--I never saw a man look so ugly
 as passion made him look--and for what?--And so he grasped my hands!--
 fierce creature;--he so grasped my hands!  In short, he seemed by his
 looks, and by his words (once putting his arms about me) to wish me to
 provoke him.  So that I had nothing to do but to beg of him (which I did
 repeatedly) to permit me to withdraw: and to promise to meet him at his
 own time in the morning.
 It was with a very ill grace that he complied, on that condition; and at
 parting he kissed my hand with such a savageness, that a redness remains
 upon it still.
 Do you not think, my dear, that I have reason to be incensed at him, my
 situation considered?  Am I not under a necessity, as it were, of
 quarrelling with him; at least every other time I see him?  No prudery,
 no coquetry, no tyranny in my heart, or in my behaviour to him, that I
 know of.  No affected procrastination.  Aiming at nothing but decorum.
 He as much concerned, and so he ought to think, as I, to have that
 observed.  Too much in his power: cast upon him by the cruelty of my
 relations.  No other protection to fly to but his.  One plain path before
 us; yet such embarrasses, such difficulties, such subjects for doubt, for
