cavil, for uneasiness; as fast as one is obviated, another to be
 introduced, and not by myself--know not how introduced--What pleasure can
 I propose to myself in meeting such a wretch?
 Perfect for me, my dearest Miss Howe, perfect for me, I beseech you, your
 kind scheme with Mrs. Townsend; and I will then leave this man.
 My temper, I believe, is changed.  No wonder if it be.  I question
 whether ever it will be what it was.  But I cannot make him half so
 uneasy by the change, as I am myself.  See you not how, from step to
 step, he grows upon me?--I tremble to look back upon his encroachments.
 And now to give me cause to apprehend more evil from him, than
 indignation will permit me to express!--O my dear, perfect your scheme,
 and let me fly from so strange a wretch!
 Yet, to be first an eloper from my friends to him, as the world supposes;
 and now to be so from him [to whom I know not!] how hard to one who ever
 endeavoured to shun intricate paths!  But he must certainly have views in
 quarrelling with me thus, which he dare not own!--Yet what can they be?--
 I am terrified but to think of what they may be!
 Let me but get from him!--As to my reputation, if I leave him--that is
 already too much wounded for me, now, to be careful about any thing, but
 how to act so as that my own heart shall not reproach me.  As to the
 world's censure, I must be content to suffer that--an unhappy
 composition, however.--What a wreck have my fortunes suffered, to be
 obliged to throw overboard so many valuables, to preserve, indeed, the
 only valuable!--A composition that once it would have half broken my
 heart to think there would have been the least danger that I should be
 obliged to submit to.
 You, my dear, could not be a stranger to my most secret failings,
 although you would not tell me of them.  What a pride did I take in the
 applause of every one!--What a pride even in supposing I had not that
 pride!--Which concealed itself from my unexamining heart under the
