gentle, slower to be moved than those of the quick, are the most flaming,
 the most irresistible, when raised.--Yet her charming body is not equally
 organized.  The unequal partners pull two ways; and the divinity within
 her tears her silken frame.  But had the same soul informed a masculine
 body, never would there have been a truer hero.
 MONDAY, TWO O'CLOCK.
 Not yet visible!--My beloved is not well.  What expectations had she from
 my ardent admiration of her!--More rudeness than revenge apprehended.
 Yet, how my soul thirsts for revenge upon both these ladies?  I must have
 recourse to my master-strokes.  This cursed project of Miss Howe and her
 Mrs. Townsend (if I cannot contrive to render it abortive) will be always
 a sword hanging over my head.  Upon every little disobligations my
 beloved will be for taking wing; and the pains I have taken to deprive
 her of every other refuge or protection, in order to make her absolutely
 dependent upon me, will be all thrown away.  But perhaps I shall find out
 a smuggler to counterplot Miss Howe.
 Thou remembrest the contention between the Sun and the North-wind, in the
 fable; which should first make an honest traveller throw off his cloak.
 Boreas began first.  He puffed away most vehemently; and often made the
 poor fellow curve and stagger; but with no other effect, than to cause
 him to wrap his surtout the closer about him.
 But when it came to Phoebus's turn, he so played upon the traveller with
 his beams, that he made him first unbutton, and then throw it quite off:
 --Nor left he, till he obliged him to take to the friendly shade of a
 spreading beech; where, prostrating himself on the thrown-off cloak, he
 took a comfortable nap.
 The victor-god then laughed outright, both at Boreas and the traveller,
 and pursued his radiant course, shining upon, and warming and cherishing
 a thousand new objects, as he danced along: and at night, when he put up
 his fiery coursers, he diverted his Thetis with the relation of his
