said, was a state that was not to be entered upon with indifference on
 either side.
 It is insolence, interrupted she, it is a presumption, Sir, to expect
 tokens of value, without resolving to deserve them.  You have no whining
 creature before you, Mr. Lovelace, overcome by weak motives, to love
 where there is no merit.  Miss Howe can tell you, Sir, that I never loved
 the faults of my friend; nor ever wished her to love me for mine.  It was
 a rule with us not to spare each other.  And would a man who has nothing
 but faults (for pray, Sir, what are your virtues?) expect that I should
 show a value for him? Indeed, if I did, I should not deserve even his
 value; but ought to be despised by him.
 Well have you, Madam, kept up to this noble manner of thinking.  You are
 in no danger of being despised for any marks of tenderness or favour
 shown to the man before you.  You have been perhaps, you'll think,
 laudably studious of making and taking occasions to declare, that it was
 far from being owing to your choice, that you had any thoughts of me.  My
 whole soul, Madam, in all its errors, in all its wishes, in all its
 views, had been laid open and naked before you, had I been encouraged by
 such a share in your confidence and esteem, as would have secured me
 against your apprehended worst constructions of what I should from time
 to time have revealed to you, and consulted you upon.  For never was
 there a franker heart; nor a man so ready to accuse himself.  [This,
 Belford, is true.]  But you know, Madam, how much otherwise it has been
 between us.--Doubt, distance, reserve, on your part, begat doubt, fear,
 awe, on mine.--How little confidence! as if we apprehended each other to
 be a plotter rather than a lover.  How have I dreaded every letter that
 has been brought you from Wilson's!--and with reason: since the last,
 from which I expected so much, on account of the proposals I had made you
 in writing, has, if I may judge by the effects, and by your denial of
 seeing me yesterday, (though you could go abroad, and in a chair too, to
