though you fill me with doubts of your favour, busy in the nuptial
 preparations.  I am actually in treaty for equipage.
 Equipage, Sir!--Trappings, tinsel!--What is equipage; what is life; what
 is any thing; to a creature sunk so low as I am in my own opinion!--
 Labouring under a father's curse!--Unable to look backward without self-
 reproach, or forward without terror!--These reflections strengthened by
 every cross accident!--And what but cross accidents befall me!--All my
 darling schemes dashed in pieces, all my hopes at an end; deny me not the
 liberty to refuge myself in some obscure corner, where neither the
 enemies you have made me, nor the few friends you have left me, may ever
 hear of the supposed rash-one, till those happy moments are at hand,
 which shall expiate for all!
 I had not a word to say for myself.  Such a war in my mind had I never
 known.  Gratitude, and admiration of the excellent creature before me,
 combating with villanous habit, with resolutions so premeditatedly made,
 and with view so much gloried in!--An hundred new contrivances in my
 head, and in my heart, that to be honest, as it is called, must all be
 given up, by a heart delighting in intrigue and difficulty--Miss Howe's
 virulences endeavoured to be recollected--yet recollection refusing to
 bring them forward with the requisite efficacy--I had certainly been a
 lost man, had not Dorcas come seasonably in with a letter.--On the
 superscription written--Be pleased, Sir, to open it now.
 I retired to the window--opened it--it was from Dorcas herself.--These
 the contents--'Be pleased to detain my lady: a paper of importance to
 transcribe.  I will cough when I have done.'
 I put the paper in my pocket, and turned to my charmer, less
 disconcerted, as she, by that time, had also a little recovered herself.
 --One favour, dearest creature--Let me but know, whether Miss Howe
 approves or disapproves of my proposals?  I know her to be my enemy.  I
 was intending to account to you for the change of behaviour you accused
