a girl, who certainly likes not Hickman, was in love with me.
 Rise, Sir, from your too-ready knees; and mock me not!
 Too-ready knees, thought I!  Though this humble posture so little affects
 this proud beauty, she knows not how much I have obtained of others of
 her sex, nor how often I have been forgiven for the last attempts, by
 kneeling.
 Mock you, Madam!  And I arose, and re-urged her for the day.  I blamed
 myself, at the same time, for the invitation I had given to Lord M., as
 it might subject me to delay from his infirmities: but told her, that I
 would write to him to excuse me, if she had no objection; or to give him
 the day she would give me, and not wait for him, if he could not come in
 time.
 My day, Sir, said she, is never.  Be not surprised.  A person of
 politeness judging between us, would not be surprised that I say so.  But
 indeed, Mr. Lovelace, [and wept through impatience,] you either know not
 how to treat with a mind of the least degree of delicacy, notwithstanding
 your birth and education, or you are an ungrateful man; and [after a
 pause] a worse than ungrateful one.  But I will retire.  I will see you
 again to-morrow.  I cannot before.  I think I hate you.  And if, upon a
 re-examination of my own heart, I find I do, I would not for the world
 that matters should go on farther between us.
 But I see, I see, she does not hate me!  How it would mortify my vanity,
 if I thought there was a woman in the world, much more this, that could
 hate me!  'Tis evident, villain as she thinks me, that I should not be an
 odious villain, if I could but at last in one instance cease to be a
 villain!  She could not hold it, determined as she had thought herself, I
 saw by her eyes, the moment I endeavoured to dissipate her apprehensions,
 on my too-ready knees, as she calls them.  The moment the rough covering
 my teasing behaviour has thrown over her affections is quite removed, I
 doubt not to find all silk and silver at the bottom, all soft, bright,
