what is in his hands.  All that depends upon me, either with regard to my
 person, to my diversions, or to the economy that no married woman, of
 whatever rank or quality, should be above inspecting, shall be done, to
 prevent a necessity for such measures being taken.  And if there will be
 no necessity for them, it is to be hoped that motives less excusable will
 not have force--motives which must be founded in a littleness of mind,
 which a woman, who has not that littleness of mind, will be under such
 temptations, as her duty will hardly be able at all times to check, to
 despise her husband for having; especially in cases where her own family,
 so much a part of herself, and which will have obligations upon her
 (though then but secondary ones) from which she can never be freed, is
 intimately concerned.
 'This article, then, I urge to your most serious consideration, as what
 lies next my heart.  I enter not here minutely into the fatal
 misunderstanding between them and you: the fault may be in both.  But,
 Sir, your's was the foundation-fault: at least, you gave a too-plausible
 pretence for my brother's antipathy to work upon.  Condescension was no
 part of your study.  You chose to bear the imputations laid to your
 charge, rather than to make it your endeavour to obviate them.
 'But this may lead into hateful recrimination.--Let it be remembered, I
 will only say, in this place, that, in their eye, you have robbed them of
 a daughter they doated upon; and that their resentments on this occasion
 rise but in proportion to their love and their disappointment.  If they
 were faulty in some of the measures they took, while they themselves did
 not think so, who shall judge for them?  You, Sir, who will judge every
 body as you please, and will let nobody judge you in your own particular,
 must not be their judge.--It may therefore be expected that they will
 stand out.
 'As for myself, Sir, I must leave it (so seems it to be destined) to your
 justice, to treat me as you shall think I deserve: but, if your future
