The original of this charming paper, as Dorcas tells me, was torn almost
 in two.  In one of her pets, I suppose!  What business have the sex,
 whose principal glory is meekness, and patience, and resignation, to be
 in a passion, I trow?--Will not she who allows herself such liberties as
 a maiden take greater when married?
 And a wife to be in a passion!--Let me tell the ladies, it is an
 impudent thing, begging their pardon, and as imprudent as impudent, for a
 wife to be in a passion, if she mean not eternal separation, or wicked
 defiance, by it: For is it not rejecting at once all that expostulatory
 meekness, and gentle reasoning, mingled with sighs as gentle, and graced
 with bent knees, supplicating hands, and eyes lifted up to your imperial
 countenance, just running over, that you should make a reconciliation
 speedy, and as lasting as speedy?  Even suppose the husband is in the
 wrong, will not this being so give the greater force to her
 expostulation?
 Now I think of it, a man should be in the wrong now-and-then, to make his
 wife shine.  Miss Howe tells my charmer, that adversity is her shining-
 time.  'Tis a generous thing in a man to make his wife shine at his own
 expense: to give her leave to triumph over him by patient reasoning: for
 were he to be too imperial to acknowledge his fault on the spot, she will
 find the benefit of her duty and submission in future, and in the high
 opinion he will conceive of her prudence and obligingness--and so, by
 degrees, she will become her master's master.
 But for a wife to come up with kemboed arm, the other hand thrown out,
 perhaps with a pointing finger--Look ye here, Sir!--Take notice!--If you
 are wrong, I'll be wrong!--If you are in a passion, I'll be in a passion!
 --Rebuff, for rebuff, Sir!--If you fly, I'll tear!--If you swear, I'll
 curse!--And the same room, and the same bed, shall not hold us, Sir!-
 For, remember, I am married, Sir!--I am a wife, Sir!--You can't help
 yourself, Sir!--Your honour, as well as your peace, is in my keeping!
