I have just read over again this intended answer to my proposals: and how
 I adore her for it!
 But yet; another yet!--She has not given it or sent it to me.--It is not
 therefore her answer.  It is not written for me, though to me.
 Nay, she has not intended to send it to me: she has even torn it, perhaps
 with indignation, as thinking it too good for me.  By this action she
 absolutely retracts it.  Why then does my foolish fondness seek to
 establish for her the same merit in my heart, as if she avowed it?
 Pr'ythee, dear Belford, once more, leave us to our fate; and do not thou
 interpose with thy nonsense, to weaken a spirit already too squeamish,
 and strengthen a conscience that has declared itself of her party.
 Then again, remember thy recent discoveries, Lovelace!  Remember her
 indifference, attended with all the appearance of contempt and hatred.
 View her, even now, wrapt up in reserve and mystery; meditating plots, as
 far as thou knowest, against the sovereignty thou hast, by right of
 conquest, obtained over her.  Remember, in short, all thou hast
 threatened to remember against this insolent beauty, who is a rebel to
 the power she has listed under.
 But yet, how dost thou propose to subdue thy sweet enemy!--Abhorred be
 force, be the necessity of force, if that can be avoided!  There is no
 triumph in force--no conquest over the will--no prevailing by gentle
 degrees over the gentle passions!--force is the devil!
 My cursed character, as I have often said, was against me at setting out
 --Yet is she not a woman?  Cannot I find one yielding or but half-
 yielding moment, if she do not absolutely hate me?
 But with what can I tempt her?--RICHES she was born to, and despises,
 knowing what they are.  JEWELS and ornaments, to a mind so much a jewel,
 and so richly set, her worthy consciousness will not let her value.  LOVE
 --if she be susceptible of love, it seems to be so much under the
 direction of prudence, that one unguarded moment, I fear, cannot be
