me long, and were in haste as to your nuptials, you would write and tell
 me so.  But my gout was very troublesome: and I am but a slow writer, you
 know, at best: for composing is a thing that, though formerly I was very
 ready at it, (as my Lord Lexington used to say,) yet having left it off a
 great while, I am not so now.  And I chose, on this occasion, to write
 all out of my own hand and memory; and to give you my best advice; for I
 may never have such an opportunity again.  You have had [God mend you!] a
 strange way of turning your back upon all I have said: this once, I hope,
 you will be more attentive to the advice I give you for your own good.
 I have still another end; nay, two other ends.
 The one was, that now you are upon the borders of wedlock, as I may say,
 and all your wild oats will be sown, I would give you some instructions
 as to your public as well as private behaviour in life; which, intending
 you so much good as I do, you ought to hear; and perhaps would never have
 listened to, on any less extraordinary occasion.
 The second is, that your dear lady-elect (who is it seems herself so fine
 and so sententious a writer) will see by this, that it is not our faults,
 nor for want of the best advice, that you was not a better man than you
 have hitherto been.
 And now, in a few words, for the conduct I would wish you to follow in
 public, as well as in private, if you would think me worthy of advising.
 --It shall be short; so be not uneasy.
 As to the private life: Love your lady as she deserves.  Let your actions
 praise you.  Be a good husband; and so give the lie to all your enemies;
 and make them ashamed of their scandals.  And let us have pride in
 saying, that Miss Harlowe has not done either herself or family any
 discredit by coming among us.  Do this; and I, and Lady Sarah, and Lady
 Betty, will love you for ever.
 As to your public conduct: This as follows is what I could wish: but I
 reckon your lady's wisdom will put us both right--no disparagement, Sir;
