entitled to every vote I can with good conscience give it; for a house of
 commons should not needlessly put drags upon the wheels of government:
 and when I have not given it my vote, it was with regret: and, for my
 country's sake, I wished with all my heart the measure had been such as I
 could have approved.'
 And another saying he had, which was this: 'Neither can an opposition,
 neither can a ministry, be always wrong.  To be a plumb man therefore
 with either, is an infallible mark, that that man must mean more and
 worse than he will own he does mean.'
 Are these sayings bad, Sir? are they to be despised?--Well, then, why
 should I be despised for remembering them, and quoting them, as I love to
 do?  Let me tell you, if you loved my company more than you do, you would
 not be the worse for it.  I may say so without any vanity; since it is
 other men's wisdom, and not my own, that I am so fond of.
 But to add a word or two more on this occasion; and I may never have such
 another; for you must read this through--Love honest men, and herd with
 them, in the house and out of the house; by whatever names they be
 dignified or distinguished: Keep good men company, and you shall be out
 of their number.  But did I, or did I not, write this before?--Writing,
 at so many different times, and such a quantity, one may forget.
 You may come in for the title when I am dead and gone--God help me!--So I
 would have you keep an equilibrium.  If once you get the name of being a
 fine speaker, you may have any thing: and, to be sure, you have naturally
 a great deal of elocution; a tongue that would delude an angel, as the
 women say--to their sorrow, some of them, poor creatures!--A leading man
 in the house of commons is a very important character; because that house
 has the giving of money: and money makes the mare to go; ay, and queens
 and kings too, sometimes, to go in a manner very different from what they
 might otherwise choose to go, let me tell you.
 However, methinks, I would not have you take a place neither--it will
