double your value, and your interest, if it be believed, that you will
 not: for, as you will then stand in no man's way, you will have no envy;
 but pure sterling respect; and both sides will court you.
 For your part, you will not want a place, as some others do, to piece up
 their broken fortunes.  If you can now live reputably upon two thousand
 pounds a year, it will be hard if you cannot hereafter live upon seven or
 eight--less you will not have, if you oblige me; as now, by marrying so
 fine a lady, very much you will--and all this, and above Lady Betty's and
 Lady Sarah's favours!  What, in the name of wonder, could possibly
 possess the proud Harlowes!--That son, that son of theirs!--But, for his
 dear sister's sake, I will say no more of him.
 I never was offered a place myself: and the only one I would have taken,
 had I been offered it, was master of the buckhounds; for I loved hunting
 when I was young; and it carries a good sound with it for us who live in
 the country.  Often have I thought of that excellent old adage; He that
 eats the king's goose, shall be choked with his feathers.  I wish to the
 Lord, this was thoroughly considered by place-hunters! it would be better
 for them, and for their poor families.
 I could say a great deal more, and all equally to the purpose.  But
 really I am tired; and so I doubt are you.  And besides, I would reserve
 something for conversation.
 My nieces Montague, and Lady Sarah and Lady Betty, join in compliments to
 my niece that is to be.  If she would choose to have the knot tied among
 us, pray tell her that we shall all see it securely done: and we will
 make all the country ring and blaze for a week together.  But so I
 believe I said before.
 If any thing further may be needful toward promoting your reciprocal
 felicity, let me know it; and how you order about the day; and all that.
 The enclosed bill is very much at your service.  'Tis payable at sight,
 as whatever else you may have occasion for shall be.
