so lately: and, by my soul, I could hardly stand it.  An hundred
 admirable creatures I called her to myself.  But I charge thee, write not
 a word to me in her favour, if thou meanest her well; for, if I spare
 her, it must be all ex mero motu.
 You may easily suppose, when I was re-admitted to her presence, that I
 ran over in her praises, and in vows of gratitude, and everlasting love.
 But here's the devil; she still receives all I say with reserve; or if
 it be not with reserve, she receives it so much as her due, that she is
 not at all raised by it.  Some women are undone by praise, by flattery.
 I myself, a man, am proud of praise.  Perhaps thou wilt say, that those
 are most proud of it who least deserve it; as those are of riches and
 grandeur who are not born to either.  I own, that to be superior to these
 foibles, it requires a soul.  Have I not then a soul?--Surely, I have.--
 Let me then be considered as an exception to the rule.
 Now have I foundation to go upon in my terms.  My Lord, in the exuberance
 of his generosity, mentions a thousand pounds a year penny-rents.  This I
 know, that were I to marry this lady, he would rather settle upon her all
 he has a mind to settle, than upon me.  He has even threatened, that if
 I prove not a good husband to her, he will leave all he can at his death
 from me to her.  Yet considers not that a woman so perfect can never be
 displeased with her husband but to his disgrace: For who will blame her?
 --Another reason why a LOVELACE should not wish to marry a CLARISSA.
 But what a pretty fellow of an uncle is this foolish peer, to think of
 making a wife independent of her emperor, and a rebel of course; yet
 smarted himself for an error of this kind!
 My beloved, in her torn paper, mentions but two hundred pounds a year,
 for her separate use.  I insisted upon her naming a larger sum.  She said
 it might be three; and I, for fear she should suspect very large offers,
 named only five; but added the entire disposal of all arrears in her
 father's hands for the benefit of Mrs. Norton, or whom she pleased.
