She said, that the good woman would be uneasy if any thing more than a
 competency were done for her.  She was more for suiting all her
 dispositions of this kind, she said, to the usual way of life of the
 person.  To go beyond it, was but to put the benefited upon projects,
 or to make them awkward in a new state; when they might shine in that to
 which they were accustomed.  And to put it into so good a mother's power
 to give her son a beginning in his business at a proper time; yet to
 leave her something for herself, to set her above want, or above the
 necessity of taking back from her child what she had been enabled to
 bestow upon him; would be the height of such a worthy parent's ambition.
 Here's prudence!  Here's judgment in so young a creature!  How do I hate
 the Harlowes for producing such an angel!--O why, why, did she refuse my
 sincere address to tie the knot before we came to this house!
 But yet, what mortifies my pride is, that this exalted creature, if I
 were to marry her, would not be governed in her behaviour to me by love,
 but by generosity merely, or by blind duty; and had rather live single,
 than be mine.
 I cannot bear this.  I would have the woman whom I honour with my name,
 if ever I confer this honour upon any, forego even her superior duties
 for me.  I would have her look after me when I go out as far as she can
 see me, as my Rosebud after her Johnny; and meet me at my return with
 rapture.  I would be the subject of her dreams, as well as of her waking
 thoughts.  I would have her think every moment lost that is not passed
 with me: sing to me, read to me, play to me when I pleased: no joy so
 great as in obeying me.  When I should be inclined to love, overwhelm me
 with it; when to be serious or solitary, if apprehensive of intrusion,
 retiring at a nod; approaching me only if I smiled encouragement: steal
 into my presence with silence; out of it, if not noticed, on tiptoe.  Be
 a lady easy to all my pleasures, and valuing those most who most
 contributed to them; only sighing in private, that it was not herself at
