All obedience, all resignation--no will but her's.  I withdrew, and wrote
 directly to my Lord; and she not disapproving of it, I sent it away.  The
 purport as follows; for I took no copy.
 'That I was much obliged to his Lordship for his intended goodness to me
 on an occasion the most solemn of my life.  That the admirable Lady, whom
 he so justly praised, thought his Lordship's proposals in her favour too
 high.  That she chose not to make a public appearance, if, without
 disobliging my friends, she could avoid it, till a reconciliation with
 her own could be effected.  That although she expressed a grateful sense
 of his Lordship's consent to give her to me with his own hand; yet,
 presuming that the motive to this kind intention was rather to do her
 honour, than it otherwise would have been his own choice, (especially as
 travelling would be at this time so inconvenient to him,) she thought it
 advisable to save his Lordship trouble on this occasion; and hoped he
 would take as meant her declining the favour.
 'That The Lawn will be most acceptable to us both to retire to; and the
 rather, as it is so to his Lordship.
 'But, if he pleases, the jointure may be made from my own estate; leaving
 to his Lordship's goodness the alternative.'
 I conclude with telling him, 'that I had offered to present the Lady his
 Lordship's bill; but on her declining to accept of it (having myself no
 present occasion for it) I return it enclosed, with my thanks, &c.'
 And is not this going a plaguy length?  What a figure should I make in
 rakish annals, if at last I should be caught in my own gin?
 The sex may say what they will, but a poor innocent fellow had need to
 take great care of himself, when he dances upon the edge of the
 matrimonial precipice.  Many a faint-hearted man, when he began to jest,
 or only designed to ape gallantry, has been forced into earnest, by being
 over-prompt, and taken at his word, not knowing how to own that he meant
 less than the lady supposed he meant.  I am the better enabled to judge
