choose to quit this paltry island; except the mistress of my fate will
 consent to cohabit at home; and so lay me under no necessity of
 surprising her into foreign parts.  TRAVELLING, thou knowest, gives the
 sexes charming opportunities of being familiar with one another.  A very
 few days and nights must now decide all matters betwixt me and my fair
 inimitable.
 DOLEMAN, who can act in these causes only as chamber-counsel, will inform
 us by pen and ink [his right hand and right side having not yet been
 struck, and the other side beginning to be sensible] of all that shall
 occur in our absence.
 As for THEE, we had rather have thy company than not; for, although thou
 art a wretched fellow at contrivance, yet art thou intrepid at execution.
 But as thy present engagements make thy attendance uncertain, I am not
 for making thy part necessary to our scheme; but for leaving thee to come
 after us when abroad.  I know thou canst not long live without us.
 The project, in short, is this:--Mrs. Howe has an elder sister in the
 Isle of Wight, who is lately a widow; and I am well informed, that the
 mother and daughter have engaged, before the latter is married, to pay a
 visit to this lady, who is rich, and intends Miss for her heiress; and in
 the interim will make her some valuable presents on her approaching
 nuptials; which, as Mrs. Howe, who loves money more than any thing but
 herself, told one of my acquaintance, would be worth fetching.
 Now, Jack, nothing more need be done, than to hire a little trim vessel,
 which shall sail a pleasuring backward and forward to Portsmouth, Spithead,
 and the Isle of Wight, for a week or fortnight before we enter
 upon our parts of the plot.  And as Mrs. Howe will be for making the best
 bargain she can for her passage, the master of the vessel may have orders
 (as a perquisite allowed him by his owners) to take what she will give:
 and the master's name, be it what it will, shall be Ganmore on the
 occasion; for I know a rogue of that name, who is not obliged to be of
