own part, I should wish they may.  Would not a brave fellow choose to
 appear in court to such an arraignment, confronting women who would do
 credit to his attempt?  The country is more merciful in these cases, than
 in any others: I should therefore like to put myself upon my country.
 Let me indulge in a few reflections upon what thou mayest think the worst
 that can happen.  I will suppose that thou art one of us; and that all
 five are actually brought to trial on this occasion: how bravely shall we
 enter a court, I at the head of you, dressed out each man, as if to his
 wedding appearance!--You are sure of all the women, old and young, of
 your side.--What brave fellows!--what fine gentlemen!--There goes a
 charming handsome man!--meaning me, to be sure!--who could find in their
 hearts to hang such a gentleman as that? whispers one lady, sitting
 perhaps on the right hand of the recorder: [I suppose the scene to be in
 London:] while another disbelieves that any woman could fairly swear
 against me.  All will crowd after me: it will be each man's happiness (if
 ye shall chance to be bashful) to be neglected: I shall be found to be
 the greatest criminal; and my safety, for which the general voice will be
 engaged, will be yours.
 But then comes the triumph of triumphs, that will make the accused look
 up, while the accusers are covered with confusion.
 Make room there!--stand by!--give back!--One receiving a rap, another an
 elbow, half a score a push a piece!--
 Enter the slow-moving, hooded-faced, down-looking plaintiffs.--
 And first the widow, with a sorrowful countenance, though half-veiled,
 pitying her daughter more than herself.  The people, the women
 especially, who on this occasion will be five-sixths of the spectators,
 reproaching her--You'd have the conscience, would you, to have five such
 brave gentlemen as these hanged for you know not what?
 Next comes the poor maid--who, perhaps, has been ravished twenty times
 before; and had not appeared now, but for company-sake; mincing,
