state lasted but for an instant; the scream was repeated, and I rushed
 into the room.  Great God!  Why did I not then expire!  Why am I here
 to relate the destruction of the best hope and the purest creature on
 earth?  She was there, lifeless and inanimate, thrown across the bed,
 her head hanging down and her pale and distorted features half covered
 by her hair.  Everywhere I turn I see the same figure--her bloodless
 arms and relaxed form flung by the murderer on its bridal bier.  Could
 I behold this and live?  Alas!  Life is obstinate and clings closest
 where it is most hated.  For a moment only did I lose recollection; I
 fell senseless on the ground.
 When I recovered I found myself surrounded by the people of the inn;
 their countenances expressed a breathless terror, but the horror of
 others appeared only as a mockery, a shadow of the feelings that
 oppressed me.  I escaped from them to the room where lay the body of
 Elizabeth, my love, my wife, so lately living, so dear, so worthy.  She
 had been moved from the posture in which I had first beheld her, and
 now, as she lay, her head upon her arm and a handkerchief thrown across
 her face and neck, I might have supposed her asleep. I rushed towards
 her and embraced her with ardour, but the deadly languor and coldness
 of the limbs told me that what I now held in my arms had ceased to be
 the Elizabeth whom I had loved and cherished.  The murderous mark of
 the fiend's grasp was on her neck, and the breath had ceased to issue
 from her lips.  While I still hung over her in the agony of despair, I
 happened to look up.  The windows of the room had before been darkened,
 and I felt a kind of panic on seeing the pale yellow light of the moon
 illuminate the chamber.  The shutters had been thrown back, and with a
 sensation of horror not to be described, I saw at the open window a
 figure the most hideous and abhorred.  A grin was on the face of the
 monster; he seemed to jeer, as with his fiendish finger he pointed
 towards the corpse of my wife.  I rushed towards the window, and
