sleep alone that I could taste joy.  O blessed sleep!  Often, when most
 miserable, I sank to repose, and my dreams lulled me even to rapture.
 The spirits that guarded me had provided these moments, or rather
 hours, of happiness that I might retain strength to fulfil my
 pilgrimage.  Deprived of this respite, I should have sunk under my
 hardships.  During the day I was sustained and inspirited by the hope
 of night, for in sleep I saw my friends, my wife, and my beloved
 country; again I saw the benevolent countenance of my father, heard the
 silver tones of my Elizabeth's voice, and beheld Clerval enjoying
 health and youth.  Often, when wearied by a toilsome march, I persuaded
 myself that I was dreaming until night should come and that I should
 then enjoy reality in the arms of my dearest friends.  What agonizing
 fondness did I feel for them!  How did I cling to their dear forms, as
 sometimes they haunted even my waking hours, and persuade myself that
 they still lived!  At such moments vengeance, that burned within me,
 died in my heart, and I pursued my path towards the destruction of the
 daemon more as a task enjoined by heaven, as the mechanical impulse of
 some power of which I was unconscious, than as the ardent desire of my
 soul.  What his feelings were whom I pursued I cannot know.  Sometimes,
 indeed, he left marks in writing on the barks of the trees or cut in
 stone that guided me and instigated my fury.  "My reign is not yet
 over"--these words were legible in one of these inscriptions--"you
 live, and my power is complete.  Follow me; I seek the everlasting ices
 of the north, where you will feel the misery of cold and frost, to
 which I am impassive.  You will find near this place, if you follow not
 too tardily, a dead hare; eat and be refreshed.  Come on, my enemy; we
 have yet to wrestle for our lives, but many hard and miserable hours
 must you endure until that period shall arrive."
 Scoffing devil!  Again do I vow vengeance; again do I devote thee,
 miserable fiend, to torture and death.  Never will I give up my search
