until he or I perish; and then with what ecstasy shall I join my
 Elizabeth and my departed friends, who even now prepare for me the
 reward of my tedious toil and horrible pilgrimage!
 As I still pursued my journey to the northward, the snows thickened and
 the cold increased in a degree almost too severe to support.  The
 peasants were shut up in their hovels, and only a few of the most hardy
 ventured forth to seize the animals whom starvation had forced from
 their hiding-places to seek for prey.  The rivers were covered with
 ice, and no fish could be procured; and thus I was cut off from my
 chief article of maintenance.  The triumph of my enemy increased with
 the difficulty of my labours.  One inscription that he left was in
 these words:  "Prepare!  Your toils only begin; wrap yourself in furs
 and provide food, for we shall soon enter upon a journey where your
 sufferings will satisfy my everlasting hatred."
 My courage and perseverance were invigorated by these scoffing words; I
 resolved not to fail in my purpose, and calling on heaven to support
 me, I continued with unabated fervour to traverse immense deserts,
 until the ocean appeared at a distance and formed the utmost boundary
 of the horizon.  Oh!  How unlike it was to the blue seasons of the
 south!  Covered with ice, it was only to be distinguished from land by
 its superior wildness and ruggedness.  The Greeks wept for joy when
 they beheld the Mediterranean from the hills of Asia, and hailed with
 rapture the boundary of their toils.  I did not weep, but I knelt down
 and with a full heart thanked my guiding spirit for conducting me in
 safety to the place where I hoped, notwithstanding my adversary's gibe,
 to meet and grapple with him.
 Some weeks before this period I had procured a sledge and dogs and thus
 traversed the snows with inconceivable speed.  I know not whether the
 fiend possessed the same advantages, but I found that, as before I had
 daily lost ground in the pursuit, I now gained on him, so much so that
