sat by his bed, watching him; his eyes were closed, and I thought he
 slept; but presently he called to me in a feeble voice, and bidding me
 come near, said, "Alas!  The strength I relied on is gone; I feel that
 I shall soon die, and he, my enemy and persecutor, may still be in
 being.  Think not, Walton, that in the last moments of my existence I
 feel that burning hatred and ardent desire of revenge I once expressed;
 but I feel myself justified in desiring the death of my adversary.
 During these last days I have been occupied in examining my past
 conduct; nor do I find it blamable.  In a fit of enthusiastic madness I
 created a rational creature and was bound towards him to assure, as far
 as was in my power, his happiness and well-being.
 "This was my duty, but there was another still paramount to that.  My
 duties towards the beings of my own species had greater claims to my
 attention because they included a greater proportion of happiness or
 misery.  Urged by this view, I refused, and I did right in refusing, to
 create a companion for the first creature.  He showed unparalleled
 malignity and selfishness in evil; he destroyed my friends; he devoted
 to destruction beings who possessed exquisite sensations, happiness,
 and wisdom; nor do I know where this thirst for vengeance may end.
 Miserable himself that he may render no other wretched, he ought to
 die.  The task of his destruction was mine, but I have failed.  When
 actuated by selfish and vicious motives, I asked you to undertake my
 unfinished work, and I renew this request now, when I am only induced
 by reason and virtue.
 "Yet I cannot ask you to renounce your country and friends to fulfil
 this task; and now that you are returning to England, you will have
 little chance of meeting with him.  But the consideration of these
 points, and the well balancing of what you may esteem your duties, I
 leave to you; my judgment and ideas are already disturbed by the near
 approach of death.  I dare not ask you to do what I think right, for I
