things or the inner spirit of nature and the mysterious soul of man
 that occupied me, still my inquiries were directed to the metaphysical,
 or in its highest sense, the physical secrets of the world.
 Meanwhile Clerval occupied himself, so to speak, with the moral
 relations of things.  The busy stage of life, the virtues of heroes,
 and the actions of men were his theme; and his hope and his dream was
 to become one among those whose names are recorded in story as the
 gallant and adventurous benefactors of our species.  The saintly soul
 of Elizabeth shone like a shrine-dedicated lamp in our peaceful home.
 Her sympathy was ours; her smile, her soft voice, the sweet glance of
 her celestial eyes, were ever there to bless and animate us.  She was
 the living spirit of love to soften and attract; I might have become
 sullen in my study, rough through the ardour of my nature, but that
 she was there to subdue me to a semblance of her own gentleness.  And
 Clerval--could aught ill entrench on the noble spirit of Clerval?  Yet
 he might not have been so perfectly humane, so thoughtful in his
 generosity, so full of kindness and tenderness amidst his passion for
 adventurous exploit, had she not unfolded to him the real loveliness of
 beneficence and made the doing good the end and aim of his soaring
 ambition.
 I feel exquisite pleasure in dwelling on the recollections of
 childhood, before misfortune had tainted my mind and changed its bright
 visions of extensive usefulness into gloomy and narrow reflections upon
 self.  Besides, in drawing the picture of my early days, I also record
 those events which led, by insensible steps, to my after tale of
 misery, for when I would account to myself for the birth of that
 passion which afterwards ruled my destiny I find it arise, like a
 mountain river, from ignoble and almost forgotten sources; but,
 swelling as it proceeded, it became the torrent which, in its course,
 has swept away all my hopes and joys.  Natural philosophy is the genius
