that has regulated my fate; I desire, therefore, in this narration, to
 state those facts which led to my predilection for that science.  When
 I was thirteen years of age we all went on a party of pleasure to the
 baths near Thonon; the inclemency of the weather obliged us to remain a
 day confined to the inn.  In this house I chanced to find a volume of
 the works of Cornelius Agrippa.  I opened it with apathy; the theory
 which he attempts to demonstrate and the wonderful facts which he
 relates soon changed this feeling into enthusiasm.  A new light seemed
 to dawn upon my mind, and bounding with joy, I communicated my
 discovery to my father.  My father looked carelessly at the title page
 of my book and said, "Ah!  Cornelius Agrippa!  My dear Victor, do not
 waste your time upon this; it is sad trash."
 If, instead of this remark, my father had taken the pains to explain to
 me that the principles of Agrippa had been entirely exploded and that a
 modern system of science had been introduced which possessed much
 greater powers than the ancient, because the powers of the latter were
 chimerical, while those of the former were real and practical, under
 such circumstances I should certainly have thrown Agrippa aside and
 have contented my imagination, warmed as it was, by returning with
 greater ardour to my former studies.  It is even possible that the
 train of my ideas would never have received the fatal impulse that led
 to my ruin.  But the cursory glance my father had taken of my volume by
 no means assured me that he was acquainted with its contents, and I
 continued to read with the greatest avidity.  When I returned home my
 first care was to procure the whole works of this author, and
 afterwards of Paracelsus and Albertus Magnus.  I read and studied the
 wild fancies of these writers with delight; they appeared to me
 treasures known to few besides myself.  I have described myself as
 always having been imbued with a fervent longing to penetrate the
 secrets of nature.  In spite of the intense labour and wonderful
