which I most eagerly sought; and if my incantations were always
 unsuccessful, I attributed the failure rather to my own inexperience
 and mistake than to a want of skill or fidelity in my instructors.  And
 thus for a time I was occupied by exploded systems, mingling, like an
 unadept, a thousand contradictory theories and floundering desperately
 in a very slough of multifarious knowledge, guided by an ardent
 imagination and childish reasoning, till an accident again changed the
 current of my ideas.  When I was about fifteen years old we had retired
 to our house near Belrive, when we witnessed a most violent and
 terrible thunderstorm.  It advanced from behind the mountains of Jura,
 and the thunder burst at once with frightful loudness from various
 quarters of the heavens.  I remained, while the storm lasted, watching
 its progress with curiosity and delight.  As I stood at the door, on a
 sudden I beheld a stream of fire issue from an old and beautiful oak
 which stood about twenty yards from our house; and so soon as the
 dazzling light vanished, the oak had disappeared, and nothing remained
 but a blasted stump.  When we visited it the next morning, we found the
 tree shattered in a singular manner.  It was not splintered by the
 shock, but entirely reduced to thin ribbons of wood.  I never beheld
 anything so utterly destroyed.
 Before this I was not unacquainted with the more obvious laws of
 electricity.  On this occasion a man of great research in natural
 philosophy was with us, and excited by this catastrophe, he entered on
 the explanation of a theory which he had formed on the subject of
 electricity and galvanism, which was at once new and astonishing to me.
 All that he said threw greatly into the shade Cornelius Agrippa,
 Albertus Magnus, and Paracelsus, the lords of my imagination; but by
 some fatality the overthrow of these men disinclined me to pursue my
 accustomed studies.  It seemed to me as if nothing would or could ever
 be known.  All that had so long engaged my attention suddenly grew
