caught the scarlet fever; her illness was severe, and she was in the
 greatest danger.  During her illness many arguments had been urged to
 persuade my mother to refrain from attending upon her.  She had at
 first yielded to our entreaties, but when she heard that the life of
 her favourite was menaced, she could no longer control her anxiety. She
 attended her sickbed; her watchful attentions triumphed over the
 malignity of the distemper--Elizabeth was saved, but the consequences
 of this imprudence were fatal to her preserver.  On the third day my
 mother sickened; her fever was accompanied by the most alarming
 symptoms, and the looks of her medical attendants prognosticated the
 worst event.  On her deathbed the fortitude and benignity of this best
 of women did not desert her.  She joined the hands of Elizabeth and
 myself.  "My children," she said, "my firmest hopes of future happiness
 were placed on the prospect of your union.  This expectation will now
 be the consolation of your father.  Elizabeth, my love, you must supply
 my place to my younger children.  Alas!  I regret that I am taken from
 you; and, happy and beloved as I have been, is it not hard to quit you
 all?  But these are not thoughts befitting me; I will endeavour to
 resign myself cheerfully to death and will indulge a hope of meeting
 you in another world."
 She died calmly, and her countenance expressed affection even in death.
 I need not describe the feelings of those whose dearest ties are rent
 by that most irreparable evil, the void that presents itself to the
 soul, and the despair that is exhibited on the countenance.  It is so
 long before the mind can persuade itself that she whom we saw every day
 and whose very existence appeared a part of our own can have departed
 forever--that the brightness of a beloved eye can have been
 extinguished and the sound of a voice so familiar and dear to the ear
 can be hushed, never more to be heard.  These are the reflections of
 the first days; but when the lapse of time proves the reality of the
