thenceforth to apply myself more particularly to those branches of
 natural philosophy which relate to physiology.  Unless I had been
 animated by an almost supernatural enthusiasm, my application to this
 study would have been irksome and almost intolerable.  To examine the
 causes of life, we must first have recourse to death.  I became
 acquainted with the science of anatomy, but this was not sufficient; I
 must also observe the natural decay and corruption of the human body.
 In my education my father had taken the greatest precautions that my
 mind should be impressed with no supernatural horrors.  I do not ever
 remember to have trembled at a tale of superstition or to have feared
 the apparition of a spirit.  Darkness had no effect upon my fancy, and
 a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of
 life, which, from being the seat of beauty and strength, had become
 food for the worm.  Now I was led to examine the cause and progress of
 this decay and forced to spend days and nights in vaults and
 charnel-houses.  My attention was fixed upon every object the most
 insupportable to the delicacy of the human feelings.  I saw how the
 fine form of man was degraded and wasted; I beheld the corruption of
 death succeed to the blooming cheek of life; I saw how the worm
 inherited the wonders of the eye and brain.  I paused, examining and
 analysing all the minutiae of causation, as exemplified in the change
 from life to death, and death to life, until from the midst of this
 darkness a sudden light broke in upon me--a light so brilliant and
 wondrous, yet so simple, that while I became dizzy with the immensity
 of the prospect which it illustrated, I was surprised that among so
 many men of genius who had directed their inquiries towards the same
 science, that I alone should be reserved to discover so astonishing a
 secret.
 Remember, I am not recording the vision of a madman.  The sun does not
 more certainly shine in the heavens than that which I now affirm is
