bestow a more plentiful harvest or the vines yield a more luxuriant
 vintage, but my eyes were insensible to the charms of nature.  And the
 same feelings which made me neglect the scenes around me caused me also
 to forget those friends who were so many miles absent, and whom I had
 not seen for so long a time.  I knew my silence disquieted them, and I
 well remembered the words of my father:  "I know that while you are
 pleased with yourself you will think of us with affection, and we shall
 hear regularly from you.  You must pardon me if I regard any
 interruption in your correspondence as a proof that your other duties
 are equally neglected."
 I knew well therefore what would be my father's feelings, but I could
 not tear my thoughts from my employment, loathsome in itself, but which
 had taken an irresistible hold of my imagination.  I wished, as it
 were, to procrastinate all that related to my feelings of affection
 until the great object, which swallowed up every habit of my nature,
 should be completed.
 I then thought that my father would be unjust if he ascribed my neglect
 to vice or faultiness on my part, but I am now convinced that he was
 justified in conceiving that I should not be altogether free from
 blame.  A human being in perfection ought always to preserve a calm and
 peaceful mind and never to allow passion or a transitory desire to
 disturb his tranquillity.  I do not think that the pursuit of knowledge
 is an exception to this rule.  If the study to which you apply yourself
 has a tendency to weaken your affections and to destroy your taste for
 those simple pleasures in which no alloy can possibly mix, then that
 study is certainly unlawful, that is to say, not befitting the human
 mind.  If this rule were always observed; if no man allowed any pursuit
 whatsoever to interfere with the tranquillity of his domestic
 affections, Greece had not been enslaved, Caesar would have spared his
 country, America would have been discovered more gradually, and the
