distinction between the several classes of its inhabitants; and the
 lower orders, being neither so poor nor so despised, their manners are
 more refined and moral.  A servant in Geneva does not mean the same
 thing as a servant in France and England.  Justine, thus received in
 our family, learned the duties of a servant, a condition which, in our
 fortunate country, does not include the idea of ignorance and a
 sacrifice of the dignity of a human being.
 "Justine, you may remember, was a great favourite of yours; and I
 recollect you once remarked that if you were in an ill humour, one
 glance from Justine could dissipate it, for the same reason that
 Ariosto gives concerning the beauty of Angelica--she looked so
 frank-hearted and happy.  My aunt conceived a great attachment for her,
 by which she was induced to give her an education superior to that
 which she had at first intended.  This benefit was fully repaid;
 Justine was the most grateful little creature in the world:  I do not
 mean that she made any professions I never heard one pass her lips, but
 you could see by her eyes that she almost adored her protectress.
 Although her disposition was gay and in many respects inconsiderate,
 yet she paid the greatest attention to every gesture of my aunt.  She
 thought her the model of all excellence and endeavoured to imitate her
 phraseology and manners, so that even now she often reminds me of her.
 "When my dearest aunt died every one was too much occupied in their own
 grief to notice poor Justine, who had attended her during her illness
 with the most anxious affection.  Poor Justine was very ill; but other
 trials were reserved for her.
 "One by one, her brothers and sister died; and her mother, with the
 exception of her neglected daughter, was left childless.  The
 conscience of the woman was troubled; she began to think that the
 deaths of her favourites was a judgement from heaven to chastise her
 partiality.  She was a Roman Catholic; and I believe her confessor
