cheerfully; and although the spring was uncommonly late, when it came
 its beauty compensated for its dilatoriness.
 The month of May had already commenced, and I expected the letter daily
 which was to fix the date of my departure, when Henry proposed a
 pedestrian tour in the environs of Ingolstadt, that I might bid a
 personal farewell to the country I had so long inhabited.  I acceded
 with pleasure to this proposition:  I was fond of exercise, and Clerval
 had always been my favourite companion in the ramble of this nature
 that I had taken among the scenes of my native country.
 We passed a fortnight in these perambulations:  my health and spirits
 had long been restored, and they gained additional strength from the
 salubrious air I breathed, the natural incidents of our progress, and
 the conversation of my friend.  Study had before secluded me from the
 intercourse of my fellow-creatures, and rendered me unsocial; but
 Clerval called forth the better feelings of my heart; he again taught
 me to love the aspect of nature, and the cheerful faces of children.
 Excellent friend!  how sincerely you did love me, and endeavour to
 elevate my mind until it was on a level with your own.  A selfish
 pursuit had cramped and narrowed me, until your gentleness and
 affection warmed and opened my senses; I became the same happy creature
 who, a few years ago, loved and beloved by all, had no sorrow or care.
 When happy, inanimate nature had the power of bestowing on me the most
 delightful sensations.  A serene sky and verdant fields filled me with
 ecstasy.  The present season was indeed divine; the flowers of spring
 bloomed in the hedges, while those of summer were already in bud.  I
 was undisturbed by thoughts which during the preceding year had pressed
 upon me, notwithstanding my endeavours to throw them off, with an
 invincible burden.
 Henry rejoiced in my gaiety, and sincerely sympathised in my feelings:
 he exerted himself to amuse me, while he expressed the sensations that
