Savoy; vivid flashes of lightning dazzled my eyes, illuminating the
 lake, making it appear like a vast sheet of fire; then for an instant
 every thing seemed of a pitchy darkness, until the eye recovered itself
 from the preceding flash.  The storm, as is often the case in
 Switzerland, appeared at once in various parts of the heavens.  The
 most violent storm hung exactly north of the town, over the part of the
 lake which lies between the promontory of Belrive and the village of
 Copet.  Another storm enlightened Jura with faint flashes; and another
 darkened and sometimes disclosed the Mole, a peaked mountain to the
 east of the lake.
 While I watched the tempest, so beautiful yet terrific, I wandered on
 with a hasty step.  This noble war in the sky elevated my spirits; I
 clasped my hands, and exclaimed aloud, "William, dear angel! this is
 thy funeral, this thy dirge!" As I said these words, I perceived in the
 gloom a figure which stole from behind a clump of trees near me; I
 stood fixed, gazing intently:  I could not be mistaken.  A flash of
 lightning illuminated the object, and discovered its shape plainly to
 me; its gigantic stature, and the deformity of its aspect more hideous
 than belongs to humanity, instantly informed me that it was the wretch,
 the filthy daemon, to whom I had given life.  What did he there?  Could
 he be (I shuddered at the conception) the murderer of my brother?  No
 sooner did that idea cross my imagination, than I became convinced of
 its truth; my teeth chattered, and I was forced to lean against a tree
 for support.  The figure passed me quickly, and I lost it in the gloom.
 Nothing in human shape could have destroyed the fair child.  HE was the
 murderer!  I could not doubt it.  The mere presence of the idea was an
 irresistible proof of the fact.  I thought of pursuing the devil; but
 it would have been in vain, for another flash discovered him to me
 hanging among the rocks of the nearly perpendicular ascent of Mont
 Saleve, a hill that bounds Plainpalais on the south.  He soon reached
