her in the woodhouse. Her terrors on first seeing him. He greatly
 engages her confidence (as he had designed) by his respectful behaviour.
 LETTER XXXVII. Miss Howe to Clarissa.--After rallying her on her not
 readily owning the passion which she supposes she has for Lovelace, she
 desires to know how far she thinks him eligible for his best qualities,
 how far rejectable for his worst.
 LETTER XXXVIII. XXXIX. Clarissa to Miss Howe.--She disclaims tyranny to
 a man who respects her. Her unhappy situation to be considered, in
 which the imputed love is held by her parents to be an undutiful, and
 therefore a criminal passion, and where the supposed object of it is a
 man of faulty morals. Is interrupted by a visit from Mrs. Norton, who
 is sent up to her to influence her in Solmes's favour. An affecting
 conversation between them. What passes upon it, and after it.
 LETTER XL. From the same.--Resumes the requested subject. What sort of
 man she could have preferred to Mr. Lovelace. Arguments she has used to
 herself in his favour, and in his disfavour. Frankly owns that were he
 now a moral man, she would prefer him to all the men she ever saw. Yet
 is persuaded, that she could freely give up the one man to get rid of
 the other, as she had offered to her friends. Her delicacy affected
 by Miss Howe's raillery; and why. Gives her opinion of the force which
 figure or person may be allowed to have upon her sex.
 LETTER XLI. From the same.--A letter from her mother (with patterns of
 rich silks) in which she entreats her to comply with all their wishes.
 What ought to be the principal view of a good wife in adorning her
 person. Her distress. Begs leave to wait upon her mother alone. Her
 father's angry letter, ordering her to prepare for her wedding-day.
 Solmes requests to see her. She refuses. All in tumults below upon
 it. Her brother and her sister desire that she may be left to their
 management.
 LETTER XLII. From the same.--A very warm dialogue between her sister
