called him.--Again concerned, 'that she was not handsome enough for
 him;' with, 'a sad thing, that the man should have the advantage of
 the woman in that particular!'--But then, stepping to the glass, she
 complimented herself, 'That she was very well: that there were many
 women deemed passable who were inferior to herself: that she was always
 thought comely; and comeliness, let her tell me, having not so much
 to lose as beauty had, would hold, when that would evaporate or fly
 off:--nay, for that matter,' [and again she turned to the glass] 'her
 features were not irregular; her eyes not at all amiss.' And I remember
 they were more than usually brilliant at that time.--'Nothing, in short,
 to be found fault with, though nothing very engaging she doubted--was
 there, Clary.'
 Excuse me, my dear, I never was thus particular before; no, not to you.
 Nor would I now have written thus freely of a sister, but that she makes
 a merit to my brother of disowning that she ever liked him; as I shall
 mention hereafter: and then you will always have me give you minute
 descriptions, nor suffer me to pass by the air and manner in which
 things are spoken that are to be taken notice of; rightly observing,
 that air and manner often express more than the accompanying words.
 I congratulated her upon her prospects. She received my compliments with
 a great deal of self-complacency.
 She liked the gentleman still more at his next visit; and yet he made no
 particular address to her, although an opportunity was given him for
 it. This was wondered at, as my uncle has introduced him into our family
 declaredly as a visitor to my sister. But as we are ever ready to make
 excuses when in good humour with ourselves for the perhaps not unwilful
 slights of those whose approbation we wish to engage; so my sister found
 out a reason much to Mr. Lovelace's advantage for his not improving
 the opportunity that was given him.--It was bashfulness, truly, in him.
 [Bashfulness in Mr. Lovelace, my dear!]--Indeed, gay and lively as he
