is, he has not the look of an impudent man. But, I fancy, it is many,
 many years ago since he was bashful.
 Thus, however, could my sister make it out--'Upon her word, she believed
 Mr. Lovelace deserved not the bad character he had as to women.--He was
 really, to her thinking, a modest man. He would have spoken out, she
 believed; but once or twice as he seemed to intend to do so, he was
 under so agreeable a confusion! Such a profound respect he seemed to
 shew her! A perfect reverence, she thought: she loved dearly that a man
 in courtship should shew a reverence to his mistress'--So indeed we all
 do, I believe: and with reason; since, if I may judge from what I
 have seen in many families, there is little enough of it shewn
 afterwards.--And she told my aunt Hervey, that she would be a little
 less upon the reserve next time he came: 'She was not one of those
 flirts, not she, who would give pain to a person that deserved to be
 well-treated; and the more pain for the greatness of his value for
 her.'--I wish she had not somebody whom I love in her eye.
 In his third visit, Bella governed herself by this kind and considerate
 principle: so that, according to her own account of the matter, the man
 might have spoken out.--But he was still bashful: he was not able to
 overcome this unseasonable reverence. So this visit went off as the
 former.
 But now she began to be dissatisfied with him. She compared his general
 character with this his particular behaviour to her; and having never
 been courted before, owned herself puzzled how to deal with so odd a
 lover. 'What did the man mean, she wondered? Had not her uncle brought
 him declaredly as a suitor to her?--It could not be bashfulness (now she
 thought of it) since he might have opened his mind to her uncle, if he
 wanted courage to speak directly to her.--Not that she cared much for
 the man neither: but it was right, surely, that a woman should be put
 out of doubt early as to a man's intentions in such a case as this, from
