his own mouth.--But, truly, she had begun to think, that he was more
 solicitous to cultivate her mamma's good opinion, than hers!--Every
 body, she owned, admired her mother's conversation; but he was mistaken
 if he thought respect to her mother only would do with her. And
 then, for his own sake, surely he should put it into her power to
 be complaisant to him, if he gave her reason to approve of him. This
 distant behaviour, she must take upon herself to say, was the more
 extraordinary, as he continued his visits, and declared himself
 extremely desirous to cultivate a friendship with the whole family; and
 as he could have no doubt about her sense, if she might take upon her to
 join her own with the general opinion; he having taken great notice of,
 and admired many of her good things as they fell from her lips. Reserves
 were painful, she must needs say, to open and free spirits, like hers:
 and yet she must tell my aunt,' (to whom all this was directed) 'that
 she should never forget what she owed to her sex, and to herself, were
 Mr. Lovelace as unexceptionable in his morals as in his figure, and were
 he to urge his suit ever so warmly.'
 I was not of her council. I was still absent. And it was agreed upon
 between my aunt Hervey and her, that she was to be quite solemn and shy
 in his next visit, if there were not a peculiarity in his address to
 her.
 But my sister it seems had not considered the matter well. This was not
 the way, as it proved, to be taken for matters of mere omission, with a
 man of Mr. Lovelace's penetration. Nor with any man; since if love has
 not taken root deep enough to cause it to shoot out into declaration, if
 an opportunity be fairly given for it, there is little room to expect,
 that the blighting winds of anger or resentment will bring it forward.
 Then my poor sister is not naturally good-humoured. This is too
 well-known a truth for me to endeavor to conceal it, especially from
 you. She must therefore, I doubt, have appeared to great disadvantages
