he kept no particular mistress; for he had heard newelty, that was the
 man's word, was every thing with him. But for his uncle's and aunt's
 teazings, the man fancied he would not think of marriage: he was never
 known to be disguised with liquor; but was a great plotter, and a great
 writer: That he lived a wild life in town, by what he had heard: had six
 or seven companions as bad as himself; whom now and then he brought down
 with him; and the country was always glad when they went up again. He
 would have it, that although passionate, he was good-humoured; loved
 as well to take a jest as to give one; and would rally himself upon
 occasion the freest of any man he ever knew.'
 This was his character from an enemy; for, as my aunt observed, every
 thing the man said commendably of him came grudgingly, with a must needs
 say--to do him justice, &c. while the contrary was delivered with a free
 good-will. And this character, as a worse was expected, though this was
 bad enough, not answering the end of inquiring after it, my brother and
 sister were more apprehensive than before, that his address would be
 encouraged, since the worst part of it was known, or supposed, when he
 was first introduced to my sister.
 But, with regard to myself, I must observe in his disfavour, that,
 notwithstanding the merit he wanted to make with me for his patience
 upon my brother's ill-treatment of him, I owed him no compliments
 for trying to conciliate with him. Not that I believe it would have
 signified any thing if he had made ever such court either to him or to
 my sister: yet one might have expected from a man of his politeness, and
 from his pretensions, you know, that he would have been willing to try.
 Instead of which, he shewed such a contempt both of my brother and my
 sister, especially my brother, as was construed into a defiance of
 them. And for me to have hinted at an alteration in his behaviour to my
 brother, was an advantage I knew he would have been proud of; and which
 therefore I had no mind to give him. But I doubted not that having so
