his pardon for the indignities he had received at their hands; a door
 being held fast locked between him and them. My mother all the time
 was praying and struggling to with-hold my father in the great parlour.
 Meanwhile my sister, who had treated Mr. Lovelace with virulence, came
 in to me, and insulted me as fast as I recovered. But when Mr. Lovelace
 was told how ill I was, he departed; nevertheless vowing revenge.
 He was ever a favourite with our domestics. His bounty to them, and
 having always something facetious to say to each, had made them all of
 his party: and on this occasion they privately blamed every body else,
 and reported his calm and gentlemanly behaviour (till the provocations
 given him ran very high) in such favourable terms, that those reports,
 and my apprehensions of the consequence of this treatment, induced me to
 read a letter he sent me that night; and, it being written in the most
 respectful terms (offering to submit the whole to my decision, and to
 govern himself entirely by my will) to answer it some days after.
 To this unhappy necessity was owing our renewed correspondence, as I
 may call it; yet I did not write till I had informed myself from Mr.
 Symmes's brother, that he was really insulted into the act of drawing
 his sword by my brother's repeatedly threatening (upon his excusing
 himself out of regard to me) to brand me ir he did not; and, by all the
 inquiry I could make, that he was again the sufferer from my uncles in a
 more violent manner than I have related.
 The same circumstances were related to my father and other relations by
 Mr. Symmes; but they had gone too far in making themselves parties
 to the quarrel either to retract or forgive; and I was forbidden to
 correspond with him, or to be seen a moment in his company.
 One thing however I can say, but that in confidence, because my mother
 commanded me not to mention it:--That, expressing her apprehension of
 the consequences of the indignities offered to Mr. Lovelace, she told
 me, she would leave it to my prudence to do all I could to prevent the
