LETTER V
 MISS CLARISSA HARLOWE, TO MISS HOWE JAN. 20
 I have been hindered from prosecuting my intention. Neither nights nor
 mornings have been my own. My mother has been very ill; and would have
 no other nurse but me. I have not stirred from her bedside (for she kept
 her bed); and two nights I had the honour of sharing it with her.
 Her disorder was a very violet colic. The contentions of these fierce,
 these masculine spirits, and the apprehension of mischiefs that may
 arise from the increasing animosity which all here have against Mr.
 Lovelace, and his too well known resenting and intrepid character, she
 cannot bear. Then the foundations laid, as she dreads, for jealousy and
 heart-burnings in her own family, late so happy and so united, afflict
 exceedingly a gentle and sensible mind, which has from the beginning, on
 all occasions, sacrificed its own inward satisfaction to outward peace.
 My brother and sister, who used very often to jar, are now so entirely
 one, and are so much together, (caballing was the word that dropt from
 my mother's lips, as if at unawares,) that she is very fearful of the
 consequences that may follow;--to my prejudice, perhaps, is her kind
 concern; since she sees that they behave to me every hour with more and
 more shyness and reserve: yet, would she but exert that authority which
 the superiority of her fine talents gives her, all these family feuds
 might perhaps be extinguished in their but yet beginnings; especially as
 she may be assured that all fitting concessions shall be made by me,
 not only as my brother and sister are my elders, but for the sake of so
 excellent and so indulgent a mother.
 For, if I may say to you, my dear, what I would not to any other person
 living, it is my opinion, that had she been of a temper that would have
 borne less, she would have had ten times less to bear, than she has had.
 No commendation, you'll say, of the generosity of those spirits which
 can turn to its own disquiet so much condescending goodness.
