Upon my word I am sometimes tempted to think that we may make the world
 allow for and respect us as we please, if we can but be sturdy in our
 wills, and set out accordingly. It is but being the less beloved for it,
 that's all: and if we have power to oblige those we have to do with, it
 will not appear to us that we are. Our flatterers will tell us any thing
 sooner than our faults, or what they know we do not like to hear.
 Were there not truth in this observation, is it possible that my brother
 and sister could make their very failings, their vehemences, of such
 importance to all the family? 'How will my son, how will my nephew, take
 this or that measure? What will he say to it? Let us consult him about
 it;' are references always previous to every resolution taken by his
 superiors, whose will ought to be his. Well may he expect to be treated
 with this deference by every other person, when my father himself,
 generally so absolute, constantly pays it to him; and the more since his
 godmother's bounty has given independence to a spirit that was before
 under too little restraint.--But whither may these reflections lead
 me!--I know you do not love any of us but my mother and me; and, being
 above all disguises, make me sensible that you do not oftener than I
 wish.--Ought I then to add force to your dislikes of those whom I wish
 you to like?--of my father especially; for he, alas! has some excuse
 for his impatience of contradiction. He is not naturally an ill-tempered
 man; and in his person and air, and in his conversation too, when not
 under the torture of a gouty paroxysm, every body distinguishes the
 gentleman born and educated.
 Our sex perhaps must expect to bear a little--uncourtliness shall I call
 it?--from the husband whom as the lover they let know the preference
 their hearts gave him to all other men.--Say what they will of
 generosity being a manly virtue; but upon my word, my dear, I have ever
 yet observed, that it is not to be met with in that sex one time in ten
 that it is to be found in ours.--But my father was soured by the cruel
