friends (my father and uncles, however, if not my brother and sister)
 begin to think that I have been treated unkindly. My mother been so good
 as to tell me this since I sent away my last.
 Nevertheless I believe they all think that I receive letters from Mr.
 Lovelace. But Lord M. being inclined rather to support than to blame his
 nephew, they seem to be so much afraid of Mr. Lovelace, that they do
 not put it to me whether I do or not; conniving on the contrary, as it
 should seem, at the only method left to allay the vehemence of a spirit
 which they have so much provoked: For he still insists upon satisfaction
 from my uncles; and this possibly (for he wants not art) as the best way
 to be introduced again with some advantage into our family. And indeed
 my aunt Hervey has put it to my mother, whether it were not best to
 prevail upon my brother to take a turn to his Yorkshire estate (which he
 was intending to do before) and to stay there till all is blown over.
 But this is very far from being his intention: For he has already
 began to hint again, that he shall never be easy or satisfied till I
 am married; and, finding neither Mr. Symmes nor Mr. Mullins will be
 accepted, has proposed Mr. Wyerley once more, on the score of his
 great passion for me. This I have again rejected; and but yesterday he
 mentioned one who has applied to him by letter, making high offers. This
 is Mr. Solmes; Rich Solmes you know they call him. But this application
 has not met with the attention of one single soul.
 If none of his schemes of getting me married take effect, he has
 thoughts, I am told, of proposing to me to go to Scotland, that as the
 compliment is, I may put his house there in such order as our own is in.
 But this my mother intends to oppose for her own sake; because having
 relieved her, as she is pleased to say, of the household cares (for
 which my sister, you know, has no turn) they must again devolve upon her
 if I go. And if she did not oppose it, I should; for, believe me, I have
 no mind to be his housekeeper; and I am sure, were I to go with him, I
