ignominious grave, and I the cause!  A thousand times rather would I
 have confessed myself guilty of the crime ascribed to Justine, but I
 was absent when it was committed, and such a declaration would have
 been considered as the ravings of a madman and would not have
 exculpated her who suffered through me.
 The appearance of Justine was calm.  She was dressed in mourning, and
 her countenance, always engaging, was rendered, by the solemnity of her
 feelings, exquisitely beautiful.  Yet she appeared confident in
 innocence and did not tremble, although gazed on and execrated by
 thousands, for all the kindness which her beauty might otherwise have
 excited was obliterated in the minds of the spectators by the
 imagination of the enormity she was supposed to have committed.  She
 was tranquil, yet her tranquillity was evidently constrained; and as
 her confusion had before been adduced as a proof of her guilt, she
 worked up her mind to an appearance of courage.  When she entered the
 court she threw her eyes round it and quickly discovered where we were
 seated.  A tear seemed to dim her eye when she saw us, but she quickly
 recovered herself, and a look of sorrowful affection seemed to attest
 her utter guiltlessness.
 The trial began, and after the advocate against her had stated the
 charge, several witnesses were called.  Several strange facts combined
 against her, which might have staggered anyone who had not such proof
 of her innocence as I had.  She had been out the whole of the night on
 which the murder had been committed and towards morning had been
 perceived by a market-woman not far from the spot where the body of the
 murdered child had been afterwards found.  The woman asked her what she
 did there, but she looked very strangely and only returned a confused
 and unintelligible answer.  She returned to the house about eight
 o'clock, and when one inquired where she had passed the night, she
 replied that she had been looking for the child and demanded earnestly
