therefore, if you can. Let us see if there be any sense, whether
 sufficient reason or not in their choice. At present I cannot (and yet
 I know a good deal of your family) have any conception how all of them,
 your mother and your aunt Hervey in particular, can join with the rest
 against judgments given. As to some of the others, I cannot wonder at
 any thing they do, or attempt to do, where self is concerned.
 You ask, Why may not your brother be first engaged in wedlock? I'll tell
 you why: His temper and his arrogance are too well known to induce women
 he would aspire to, to receive his addresses, notwithstanding his great
 independent acquisitions, and still greater prospects. Let me tell you,
 my dear, those acquisitions have given him more pride than reputation.
 To me he is the most intolerable creature that I ever conversed with.
 The treatment you blame, he merited from one whom he addressed with the
 air of a person who presumes that he is about to confer a favour, rather
 than to receive one. I ever loved to mortify proud and insolent spirits.
 What, think you, makes me bear Hickman near me, but that the man is
 humble, and knows and keeps his distance?
 As to your question, Why your elder sister may not be first provided
 for? I answer, Because she must have no man, but one who has a great and
 clear estate; that's one thing. Another is, Because she has a younger
 sister. Pray, my dear, be so good as to tell me, What man of a great and
 clear estate would think of that eldest sister, while the younger were
 single?
 You are all too rich to be happy, child. For must not each of you, by
 the constitutions of your family, marry to be still richer? People who
 know in what their main excellence consists, are not to be blamed (are
 they) for cultivating and improving what they think most valuable?--Is
 true happiness any part of your family view?--So far from it, that none
 of your family but yourself could be happy were they not rich. So let
 them fret on, grumble and grudge, and accumulate; and wondering what
