man decidedly refused, thinking himself bound in honour to my friend,
 who, when he found the father inexorable, quitted his country, nor
 returned until he heard that his former mistress was married according
 to her inclinations.  "What a noble fellow!" you will exclaim.  He is
 so; but then he is wholly uneducated:  he is as silent as a Turk, and a
 kind of ignorant carelessness attends him, which, while it renders his
 conduct the more astonishing, detracts from the interest and sympathy
 which otherwise he would command.
 Yet do not suppose, because I complain a little or because I can
 conceive a consolation for my toils which I may never know, that I am
 wavering in my resolutions.  Those are as fixed as fate, and my voyage
 is only now delayed until the weather shall permit my embarkation.  The
 winter has been dreadfully severe, but the spring promises well, and it
 is considered as a remarkably early season, so that perhaps I may sail
 sooner than I expected.  I shall do nothing rashly:  you know me
 sufficiently to confide in my prudence and considerateness whenever the
 safety of others is committed to my care.
 I cannot describe to you my sensations on the near prospect of my
 undertaking.  It is impossible to communicate to you a conception of
 the trembling sensation, half pleasurable and half fearful, with which
 I am preparing to depart.  I am going to unexplored regions, to "the
 land of mist and snow," but I shall kill no albatross; therefore do not
 be alarmed for my safety or if I should come back to you as worn and
 woeful as the "Ancient Mariner."  You will smile at my allusion, but I
 will disclose a secret.  I have often attributed my attachment to, my
 passionate enthusiasm for, the dangerous mysteries of ocean to that
 production of the most imaginative of modern poets.  There is something
 at work in my soul which I do not understand.  I am practically
 industrious--painstaking, a workman to execute with perseverance and
 labour--but besides this there is a love for the marvellous, a belief
