if anything had been heard concerning him.  When shown the body, she
 fell into violent hysterics and kept her bed for several days.  The
 picture was then produced which the servant had found in her pocket;
 and when Elizabeth, in a faltering voice, proved that it was the same
 which, an hour before the child had been missed, she had placed round
 his neck, a murmur of horror and indignation filled the court.
 Justine was called on for her defence.  As the trial had proceeded, her
 countenance had altered.  Surprise, horror, and misery were strongly
 expressed.  Sometimes she struggled with her tears, but when she was
 desired to plead, she collected her powers and spoke in an audible
 although variable voice.
 "God knows," she said, "how entirely I am innocent.  But I do not
 pretend that my protestations should acquit me; I rest my innocence on
 a plain and simple explanation of the facts which have been adduced
 against me, and I hope the character I have always borne will incline
 my judges to a favourable interpretation where any circumstance appears
 doubtful or suspicious."
 She then related that, by the permission of Elizabeth, she had passed
 the evening of the night on which the murder had been committed at the
 house of an aunt at Chene, a village situated at about a league from
 Geneva.  On her return, at about nine o'clock, she met a man who asked
 her if she had seen anything of the child who was lost.  She was
 alarmed by this account and passed several hours in looking for him,
 when the gates of Geneva were shut, and she was forced to remain
 several hours of the night in a barn belonging to a cottage, being
 unwilling to call up the inhabitants, to whom she was well known.  Most
 of the night she spent here watching; towards morning she believed that
 she slept for a few minutes; some steps disturbed her, and she awoke.
 It was dawn, and she quitted her asylum, that she might again endeavour
 to find my brother.  If she had gone near the spot where his body lay,
