and for hundreds of sakes, may it be before you quit us for company more
 congenial to you and more worthy of you!
 I communicated to my mother the account you give of your strange
 reception; also what a horrid wretch they have found out for you; and
 the compulsory treatment they give you. It only set her on magnifying
 her lenity to me, on my tyrannical behaviour, as she will call it
 [mothers must have their way, you know, my dear] to the man whom she so
 warmly recommends, against whom it seems there can be no just exception;
 and expatiating upon the complaisance I owe her for her indulgence. So I
 believe I must communicate to her nothing farther--especially as I know
 she would condemn the correspondence between us, and that between you
 and Lovelace, as clandestine and undutiful proceedings, and divulge our
 secret besides; for duty implicit is her cry. And moreover she lends
 a pretty open ear to the preachments of that starch old bachelor your
 uncle Antony; and for an example to her daughter would be more careful
 how she takes your part, be the cause ever so just.
 Yet is this not the right policy neither. For people who allow nothing
 will be granted nothing: in other words, those who aim at carrying too
 many points will not be able to carry any.
 But can you divine, my dear, what the old preachment-making,
 plump-hearted soul, your uncle Antony, means by his frequent amblings
 hither?--There is such smirking and smiling between my mother and him!
 Such mutual praises of economy; and 'that is my way!'--and 'this I
 do!'--and 'I am glad it has your approbation, Sir!'--and 'you look into
 every thing, Madam!'--'Nothing would be done, if I did not!'--
 Such exclamations against servants! Such exaltings of self! And
 dear heart, and good lack!--and 'las a-day!--And now-and-then their
 conversation sinking into a whispering accent, if I come across
 them!--I'll tell you, my dear, I don't above half like it.
 Only that these old bachelors usually take as many years to resolve upon
