[so much engaged]. Was it necessary to say this to me?--and to say
 it upon your word too?--But you know best.--Yet you don't neither,
 I believe. For a beginning love is acted by a subtle spirit; and
 oftentimes discovers itself to a by-stander, when the person possessed
 (why should I not call it possessed?) knows not it has such a demon.
 But further you say, what preferable favour you may have for him to any
 other person, is owing more to the usage he has received, and for your
 sake borne, than to any personal consideration.
 This is generously said. It is in character. But, O my friend, depend
 upon it, you are in danger. Depend upon it, whether you know it or not,
 you are a little in for't. Your native generosity and greatness of mind
 endanger you: all your friends, by fighting against him with
 impolitic violence, fight for him. And Lovelace, my life for yours,
 notwithstanding all his veneration and assiduities, has seen further
 than that veneration and those assiduities (so well calculated to your
 meridian) will let him own he has seen--has seen, in short, that his
 work is doing for him more effectually than he could do it for himself.
 And have you not before now said, that nothing is so penetrating as the
 eye of a lover who has vanity? And who says Lovelace wants vanity?
 In short, my dear, it is my opinion, and that from the easiness of his
 heart and behaviour, that he has seen more than I have seen; more than
 you think could be seen--more than I believe you yourself know, or else
 you would let me know it.
 Already, in order to restrain him from resenting the indignities he has
 received, and which are daily offered him, he has prevailed upon you to
 correspond with him privately. I know he has nothing to boast of from
 what you have written: but is not his inducing you to receive his
 letters, and to answer them, a great point gained? By your insisting
 that he should keep the correspondence private, it appears there is one
 secret which you do not wish the world should know: and he is master of
