I now take up my pen to lay before you the inducements and motive which
 my friends have to espouse so earnestly the address of this Mr. Solmes.
 In order to set this matter in a clear light, it is necessary to go a
 little back, and even perhaps to mention some things which you already
 know: and so you may look upon what I am going to relate, as a kind of
 supplement to my letters of the 15th and 20th of January last.*
 * Letters IV. and V.
 In those letters, of which I have kept memorandums, I gave you an
 account of my brother's and sister's antipathy to Mr. Lovelace; and the
 methods they took (so far as they had then come to my knowledge) to ruin
 him in the opinion of my other friends. And I told you, that after a
 very cold, yet not a directly affrontive behaviour to him, they all of
 a sudden* became more violent, and proceeded to personal insults; which
 brought on at last the unhappy rencounter between my brother and him.
      * See Letter IV.
 Now you must know, that from the last conversation that passed between
 my aunt and me, it comes out, that this sudden vehemence on my
 brother's and sister's parts, was owing to stronger reasons than to the
 college-begun antipathy on his side, or to slighted love on hers;
 to wit, to an apprehension that my uncles intended to follow my
 grandfather's example in my favour; at least in a higher degree
 than they wish they should. An apprehension founded it seems on a
 conversation between my two uncles and my brother and sister: which my
 aunt communicated to me in confidence, as an argument to prevail upon
 me to accept of Mr. Solmes's noble settlements: urging, that such a
 seasonable compliance, would frustrate my brother's and sister's views,
 and establish me for ever in the love of my father and uncles.
 I will give you the substance of this communicated conversation, after
 I have made a brief introductory observation or two, which however I
 hardly need to make to you who are so well acquainted with us all, did
