My uncle then gave one instance, my aunt told me, as a proof of a
 generosity in Mr. Lovelace's spirit, which convinced him that he was not
 a bad man in nature; and that he was of a temper, he was pleased to say,
 like my own; which was, That when he (my uncle) had represented to him,
 that he might, if he pleased, make three or four hundred pounds a year
 of his paternal estate, more than he did; he answered, 'That his tenants
 paid their rents well: that it was a maxim with his family, from which
 he would by no means depart, Never to rack-rent old tenants, or their
 descendants; and that it was a pleasure to him, to see all his tenants
 look fat, sleek, and contented.'
 I indeed had once occasionally heard him say something like this; and
 thought he never looked so well as at that time;--except once; and that
 was in an instance given by him on the following incident.
 An unhappy tenant of my uncle Antony came petitioning to my uncle
 for forbearance, in Mr. Lovelace's presence. When he had fruitlessly
 withdrawn, Mr. Lovelace pleaded his cause so well, that the man was
 called in again, and had his suit granted. And Mr. Lovelace privately
 followed him out, and gave him two guineas, for present relief; the
 man having declared, that, at the time, he had not five shilling in the
 world.
 On this occasion, he told my uncle (but without any airs of
 ostentation), that he had once observed an old tenant and his wife in a
 very mean habit at church; and questioning them about it the next day,
 as he knew they had no hard bargain in their farm, the man said, he had
 done some very foolish things with a good intention, which had put him
 behind-hand, and he could not have paid his rent, and appear better.
 He asked him how long it would take him to retrieve the foolish step
 he acknowledged he had made. He said, Perhaps two or three years. Well
 then, said he, I will abate you five pounds a year for seven years,
 provided you will lay it upon your wife and self, that you may make a
