This is the bright side that is turned to my father and uncles, to
 captivate them: but I am afraid that my brother's and sister's design is
 to ruin me with them at any rate. Were it otherwise, would they not on
 my return from you have rather sought to court than frighten me into
 measures which their hearts are so much bent to carry? A method they
 have followed ever since.
 Mean time, orders are given to all the servants to shew the highest
 respect to Mr. Solmes; the generous Mr. Solmes is now his character with
 some of our family! But are not these orders a tacit confession,
 that they think his own merit will not procure him respect? He is
 accordingly, in every visit he makes, not only highly caressed by the
 principals of our family, but obsequiously attended and cringed to by
 the menials.--And the noble settlements are echoed from every mouth.
 Noble is the word used to enforce the offers of a man who is mean enough
 avowedly to hate, and wicked enough to propose to rob of their just
 expectations, his own family, (every one of which at the same time
 stands in too much need of his favour,) in order to settle all he is
 worth upon me; and if I die without children, and he has none by any
 other marriage, upon a family which already abounds. Such are his
 proposals.
 But were there no other motive to induce me to despise the upstart man,
 is not this unjust one to his family enough?--The upstart man, I repeat;
 for he was not born to the immense riches he is possessed of: riches
 left by one niggard to another, in injury to the next heir, because that
 other is a niggard. And should I not be as culpable, do you think, in my
 acceptance of such unjust settlements, as he is in the offer of them, if
 I could persuade myself to be a sharer in them, or suffer a reversionary
 expectation of possessing them to influence my choice?
 Indeed, it concerns me not a little, that my friends could be brought to
 encourage such offers on such motives as I think a person of conscience
