person) would not approve of it; and could I have succeeded, you,
 Clary, had never heard of it. But if I could not, how can you expect
 to prevail? My great ends in the task I have undertaken, are the
 preservation of the family peace so likely to be overturned; to
 reinstate you in the affections of your father and uncles: and to
 preserve you from a man of violence.--Your father, you must needs think
 will flame out upon your refusal to comply: your uncles are so
 thoroughly convinced of the consistency of the measure with their
 favourite views of aggrandizing the family, that they are as much
 determined as your father: your aunt Hervey and your uncle Hervey are of
 the same party. And it is hard, if a father and mother, and uncles, and
 aunt, all conjoined, cannot be allowed to direct your choice--surely, my
 dear girl, proceeded she [for I was silent all this time], it cannot be
 that you are the more averse, because the family views will be promoted
 by the match--this, I assure you, is what every body must think, if
 you comply not. Nor, while the man, so obnoxious to us all, remains
 unmarried, and buzzes about you, will the strongest wishes to live
 single, be in the least regarded. And well you know, that were Mr.
 Lovelace an angel, and your father had made it a point that you should
 not have him, it would be in vain to dispute his will. As to the
 prohibition laid upon you (much as I will own against my liking), that
 is owing to the belief that you corresponded by Miss Howe's means with
 that man; nor do I doubt that you did so.
 I answered to every article, in such a manner, as I am sure would have
 satisfied her, could she have been permitted to judge for herself; and I
 then inveighed with bitterness against the disgraceful prohibitions laid
 upon me.
 They would serve to shew me, she was pleased to say, how much in earnest
 my father was. They might be taken off, whenever I thought fit, and no
 harm done, nor disgrace received. But if I were to be contumacious, I
