make my mother require to re-peruse them. When you see them, you will
 observe how he endeavours to hold me to this correspondence.
 In about an hour my mother returned. Take your letters, Clary: I have
 nothing, she was pleased to say, to tax your discretion with, as to the
 wording of yours to him: you have even kept up a proper dignity, as
 well as observed all the rules of decorum; and you have resented, as you
 ought to resent, his menacing invectives. In a word, I see not, that he
 can form the least expectations, from what you have written, that you
 will encourage the passion he avows for you. But does he not avow his
 passion? Have you the least doubt about what must be the issue of this
 correspondence, if continued? And do you yourself think, when you know
 the avowed hatred of one side, and he declared defiances of the other,
 that this can be, that it ought to be a match?
 By no means it can, Madam; you will be pleased to observed, that I have
 said as much to him. But now, Madam, that the whole correspondence
 is before you, I beg your commands what to do in a situation so very
 disagreeable.
 One thing I will tell you, Clary--but I charge you, as you would not
 have me question the generosity of your spirit, to take no advantage
 of it, either mentally or verbally; that I am so much pleased with the
 offer of your keys to me, made in so cheerful and unreserved a manner,
 and in the prudence you have shewn in your letters, that were it
 practicable to bring every one, or your father only, into my opinion, I
 should readily leave all the rest to your discretion, reserving only to
 myself the direction or approbation of your future letters; and to see,
 that you broke off the correspondence as soon as possible. But as it is
 not, and as I know your father would have no patience with you, should
 it be acknowledged that you correspond with Mr. Lovelace, or that you
 have corresponded with him since the time he prohibited you to do so;
 I forbid you to continue such a liberty--Yet, as the case is difficult,
