let me ask you, What you yourself can propose? Your heart, you say, is
 free. Your own, that you cannot think, as matters circumstanced, that
 a match with a man so obnoxious as he now is to us all, is proper to
 be thought of: What do you propose to do?--What, Clary, are your own
 thoughts of the matter?
 Without hesitation thus I answered--What I humbly propose is
 this:--'That I will write to Mr. Lovelace (for I have not answered his
 last) that he has nothing to do between my father and me: that I
 neither ask his advice nor need it: but that since he thinks he has some
 pretence for interfering, because of my brother's avowal of the interest
 of Mr. Solmes in displeasure to him, I will assure him (without giving
 him any reason to impute the assurance to be in the least favourable to
 himself) that I will never be that man's.' And if, proceeded I, I
 may never be permitted to give him this assurance; and Mr. Solmes, in
 consequence of it, be discouraged from prosecuting his address; let Mr.
 Lovelace be satisfied or dissatisfied, I will go no farther; nor write
 another line to him; nor ever see him more, if I can avoid it: and I
 shall have a good excuse for it, without bringing in any of my family.
 Ah! my love!--But what shall we do about the terms Mr. Solmes offers?
 Those are the inducements with every body. He has even given hopes to
 your brother that he will make exchanges of estates; or, at least, that
 he will purchase the northern one; for you know it must be entirely
 consistent with the family-views, that we increase our interest in this
 country. Your brother, in short, has given a plan that captivates us
 all. And a family so rich in all its branches, and that has its views to
 honour, must be pleased to see a very great probability of taking rank
 one day among the principal in the kingdom.
 And for the sake of these views, for the sake of this plan of my
 brother's, am I, Madam, to be given in marriage to a man I can never
 endure!--O my dear Mamma, save me, save me, if you can, from this heavy
