the airs she gives herself:--anger as well as airs, demonstrating, that
 she refused a man whom she thought worth accepting: Where else is the
 reason either for anger or boast?--Poor Bella! She is to be pitied--she
 cannot either like or dislike with temper! Would to heaven she had been
 mistress of all her wishes!--Would to heaven she had!
 As to what you say of my giving up to my father's controul the estate
 devised me, my motives at the time, as you acknowledge, were not
 blamable. Your advice to me on the subject was grounded, as I remember,
 on your good opinion of me; believing that I should not make a bad use
 of the power willed me. Neither you nor I, my dear, although you now
 assume the air of a diviner, [pardon me] could have believed that would
 have happened which has happened, as to my father's part particularly.
 You were indeed jealous of my brother's views against me; or rather of
 his predominant love of himself; but I did not think so hardly of my
 brother and sister as you always did. You never loved them; and ill-will
 has eyes ever open to the faulty side; as good-will or love is blind
 even to real imperfections. I will briefly recollect my motives.
 I found jealousies and uneasiness rising in every breast, where all
 before was unity and love. The honoured testator was reflected upon: a
 second childhood was attributed to him; and I was censured, as having
 taken advantage of it. All young creatures, thought I, more or less,
 covet independency; but those who wish most for it, are seldom the
 fittest to be trusted either with the government of themselves, or with
 power over others. This is certainly a very high and unusual devise to
 so young a creature. We should not aim at all we have power to do. To
 take all that good-nature, or indulgence, or good opinion confers,
 shews a want of moderation, and a graspingness that is unworthy of that
 indulgence; and are bad indications of the use that may be made of the
 power bequeathed. It is true, thought I, that I have formed agreeable
 schemes of making others as happy as myself, by the proper discharge of
