you; for, seeing your dislike, I have more than once pleaded for you:
 but all to no purpose. I am only treated as a too fond mother, who,
 from motives of a blamable indulgence, encourage a child to stand in
 opposition to a father's will. I am charged with dividing the family
 into two parts; I and my youngest daughter standing against my husband,
 his two brothers, my son, my eldest daughter, and my sister Hervey.
 I have been told, that I must be convinced of the fitness as well
 as advantage to the whole (your brother and Mr. Lovelace out of the
 question) of carrying the contract with Mr. Solmes, on which so many
 contracts depend, into execution.
 'Your father's heart, I tell you once more, is in it: he has declared,
 that he had rather have no daughter in you, than one he cannot dispose
 of for your own good: especially if you have owned, that your heart is
 free; and as the general good of his whole family is to be promoted
 by your obedience. He has pleaded, poor man! that his frequent gouty
 paroxysms (every fit more threatening than the former) give him no
 extraordinary prospects, either of worldly happiness, or of long days:
 and he hopes, that you, who have been supposed to have contributed
 to the lengthening of your grandfather's life, will not, by your
 disobedience, shorten your father's.'
 This was a most affecting plea, my dear. I wept in silence upon it. I
 could not speak to it. And my mother proceeded: 'What therefore can be
 his motives, Clary Harlowe, in the earnest desire he has to see this
 treaty perfected, but the welfare and aggrandizement of his family;
 which already having fortunes to become the highest condition, cannot
 but aspire to greater distinctions? However slight such views as these
 may appear to you, Clary, you know, that they are not slight ones to any
 other of the family: and your father will be his own judge of what
 is and what is not likely to promote the good of his children. Your
 abstractedness, child, (affectation of abstractedness, some call it,)
