and over Mr. Lovelace, which they would not fail to glory in; and which,
 although it concerned me but little to regard on his account, yet might
 be attended with fatal mischiefs--And then Mr. Solmes's
 disagreeable person; his still more disagreeable manners; his low
 understanding--Understanding! the glory of a man, so little to be
 dispensed with in the head and director of a family, in order to
 preserve to him that respect which a good wife (and that for the
 justification of her own choice) should pay him herself, and wish every
 body to pay him.--And as Mr. Solmes's inferiority in this respectable
 faculty of the human mind [I must be allowed to say this to you, and no
 great self assumption neither] would proclaim to all future, as well as
 to all present observers, what must have been my mean inducement. All
 these reflections crowding upon my remembrance; I would, Madam, said
 I, folding my hands, with an earnestness in which my whole heart was
 engaged, bear the cruelest tortures, bear loss of limb, and even of
 life, to give you peace. But this man, every moment I would, at you
 command, think of him with favour, is the more my aversion. You cannot,
 indeed you cannot, think, how my whole soul resists him!--And to talk
 of contracts concluded upon; of patterns; of a short day!--Save me,
 save me, O my dearest Mamma, save your child, from this heavy, from this
 insupportable evil--!
 Never was there a countenance that expressed so significantly, as my
 mother's did, an anguish, which she struggled to hide, under an anger
 she was compelled to assume--till the latter overcoming the former, she
 turned from me with an uplifted eye, and stamping--Strange perverseness!
 were the only words I heard of a sentence that she angrily pronounced;
 and was going. I then, half-frantically I believe, laid hold of her
 gown--Have patience with me, dearest Madam! said I--Do not you renounce
 me totally!--If you must separate yourself from your child, let it
 not be with absolute reprobation on your own part!--My uncles may be
