MISS CLARISSA HARLOWE, TO MISS HOWE TUESDAY, MARCH 7.
 By my last deposit, you will see how I am driven, and what a poor
 prisoner I am.--No regard had to my reputation. The whole matter is now
 before you. Can such measures be supposed to soften?--But surely they
 can only mean to try and frighten me into my brother's views!--All my
 hope is, to be able to weather this point till my cousin Morden comes
 from Florence; and he is soon expected: yet, if they are determined upon
 a short day, I doubt he will not be here in time enough to save me.
 It is plain by my brother's letter, that my mother has not spared me, in
 the report she was pleased to make of the conference between herself and
 me: yet she was pleased to hint to me, that my brother had views which
 she would have had me try to disappoint. But indeed she had engaged to
 give a faithful account of what was to pass between herself and me: and
 it was, doubtless, much more eligible to give up a daughter, than to
 disoblige a husband, and every other person of the family.
 They think they have done every thing by turning away my poor Hannah:
 but as long as the liberty of the garden, and my poultry-visits, are
 allowed me, they will be mistaken.
 I asked Mrs. Betty, if she had any orders to watch or attend me; or
 whether I was to ask her leave whenever I should be disposed to walk in
 the garden, or to go feed my bantams?--Lord bless her! what could I mean
 by such a question! Yet she owned, that she had heard, that I was not to
 go into the garden, when my father, mother, or uncles were there.
 However, as it behoved me to be assured on this head, I went down
 directly, and staid an hour, without question or impediment; and yet a
 good part of the time, I walked under and in sight, as I may say, of my
 brother's study window, where both he and my sister happened to be.
 And I am sure they saw me, by the loud mirth they affected, by way of
 insult, as I suppose.
 So this part of my restraint was doubtless a stretch of the authority
