above-stairs!] you may, as far as I know, plead, that you had my
 countenance for your correspondence with him; and so add to the
 uneasiness between your father and me. You were once my comfort,
 Clarissa; you made all my hardships tolerable:--But now!--However,
 nothing, it is plain, can move you; and I will say no more on that head:
 for you are under your father's discipline now; and he will neither be
 prescribed to, nor entreated.
 I should have been glad to see the letter you tell me of, as I saw the
 rest. You say, both honour and prudence forbid you to shew it to me.--O
 Clarissa! what think you of receiving letters that honour and prudence
 forbid you to shew to a mother!--But it is not for me to see it, if you
 would choose to shew it me. I will not be in your secret. I will not
 know that you did correspond. And, as to an answer, take your own
 methods. But let him know it will be the last you will write. And, if
 you do write, I won't see it: so seal it up (if you do) and give it to
 Shorey; and she--Yet do not think I give you license to write.
 We will be upon no conditions with him, nor will you be allowed to be
 upon any. Your father and uncles would have no patience were he to come.
 What have you to do to oblige him with your refusal of Mr. Solmes?--Will
 not that refusal be to give him hope? And while he has any, can we be
 easy or free from his insults? Were even your brother in fault, as that
 fault cannot be conquered, is a sister to carry on a correspondence that
 shall endanger her brother? But your father has given his sanction to
 your brother's dislikes, your uncles', and every body's!--No matter to
 whom owing.
 As to the rest, you have by your obstinacy put it out of my power to do
 any thing for you. Your father takes it upon himself to be answerable
 for all consequences. You must not therefore apply to me for favour.
 I shall endeavour to be only an observer: Happy, if I could be an
 unconcerned one!--While I had power, you would not let me use it as I
