MISS HOWE, TO MISS CLARISSA HARLOWE THURSDAY NIGHT, MARCH 9.
 I have not patience with any of the people you are with. I know not what
 to advise you to do. How do you know that you are not punishable
 for being the cause, though to your own loss, that the will of your
 grandfather is not complied with?--Wills are sacred things, child. You
 see, that they, even they, think so, who imagine they suffer by a will,
 through the distinction paid you in it.
 I allow of all your noble reasonings for what you did at the time: But,
 since such a charming, such a generous instance of filial duty is to go
 thus unrewarded, why should you not resume?
 Your grandfather knew the family-failing. He knew what a noble spirit
 you had to do good. He himself, perhaps, [excuse me, my dear,] had done
 too little in his life-time; and therefore he put it in your power to
 make up for the defects of the whole family. Were it to me, I would
 resume it. Indeed I would.
 You will say, you cannot do it, while you are with them. I don't know
 that. Do you think they can use you worse than they do? And is it not
 your right? And do they not make use of your own generosity to oppress
 you? Your uncle Harlowe is one trustee; your cousin Morden is the other:
 insist upon your right to your uncle; and write to your cousin Morden
 about it. This, I dare say, will make them alter their behaviour to you.
 Your insolent brother--what has he to do to controul you?--Were it me [I
 wish it were for one month, and no more] I'd shew him the difference. I
 would be in my own mansion, pursuing my charming schemes, and making all
 around me happy. I would set up my own chariot. I would visit them when
 they deserved it. But when my brother and sister gave themselves airs,
 I would let them know, that I was their sister, and not their servant:
 and, if that did not do, I would shut my gates against them; and bid
 them go and be company for each other.
 It must be confessed, however, that this brother and sister of yours,
