risible tone. His very smile [you never saw him smile, I believe; never
 at least gave him cause to smile] is so little natural to his features,
 that it appears to him as hideous as the grin of a man in malice.
 'I took great notice of him, as I do of all the noble lords of the
 creation, in their peculiarities; and was disgusted, nay, shocked at
 him, even then. I was glad, I remember, on that particular occasion,
 to see his strange features recovering their natural gloominess; though
 they did this but slowly, as if the muscles which contributed to his
 distortions, had turned upon rusty springs.
 'What a dreadful thing must even the love of such a husband be! For my
 part, were I his wife! (But what have I done to myself, to make such a
 supposition?) I should never have comfort but in his absence, or when
 I was quarreling with him. A splenetic woman, who must have somebody to
 find fault with, might indeed be brought to endure such a wretch:
 the sight of him would always furnish out the occasion, and all her
 servants, for that reason, and for that only, would have cause to blame
 their master. But how grievous and apprehensive a thing it must be for
 his wife, had she the least degree of delicacy, to catch herself in
 having done something to oblige him?
 'So much for his person. As to the other half of him, he is said to be
 an insinuating, creeping mortal to any body he hopes to be a gainer by:
 an insolent, overbearing one, where he has no such views: And is not
 this the genuine spirit of meanness? He is reported to be spiteful and
 malicious, even to the whole family of any single person who has once
 disobliged him; and to his own relations most of all. I am told, that
 they are none of them such wretches as himself. This may be one reason
 why he is for disinheriting them.
 'My Kitty, from one of his domestics, tells me, that his tenants hate
 him: and that he never had a servant who spoke well of him. Vilely
 suspicious of their wronging him (probably from the badness of his own
