heart) he is always changing.
 'His pockets, they say, are continually crammed with keys: so that, when
 he would treat a guest, (a friend he has not out of your family), he is
 half as long puzzling which is which, as his niggardly treat might be
 concluded in. And if it be wine, he always fetches it himself. Nor has
 he much trouble in doing so; for he has very few visiters--only those,
 whom business or necessity brings: for a gentleman who can help it,
 would rather be benighted, than put up at his house.'
 Yet this is the man they have found out (for considerations as sordid as
 those he is governed by) for a husband, that is to say, for a lord and
 master, for Miss Clarissa Harlowe!
 But, perhaps, he may not be quite so miserable as he is represented.
 Characters extremely good, or extremely bad, are seldom justly given.
 Favour for a person will exalt the one, as disfavour will sink the
 other. But your uncle Antony has told my mother, who objected to his
 covetousness, that it was intended to tie him up, as he called it, to
 your own terms; which would be with a hempen, rather than a matrimonial,
 cord, I dare say. But, is not this a plain indication, that even his
 own recommenders think him a mean creature; and that he must be articled
 with--perhaps for necessaries? But enough, and too much, of such a
 wretch as this!--You must not have him, my dear,--that I am clear
 in--though not so clear, how you will be able to avoid it, except you
 assert the independence to which your estate gives you a title.
 Here my mother broke in upon me. She wanted to see what I had written. I
 was silly enough to read Solmes's character to her.
 She owned, that the man was not the most desirable of men; and that he
 had not the happiest appearance: But what, said she, is person in a man?
 And I was chidden for setting you against complying with your father's
 will. Then followed a lecture on the preference to be given in favour of
 a man who took care to discharge all his obligations to the world, and
