to keep all together, in opposition to a spendthrift or profligate. A
 fruitful subject you know, whether any particular person be meant by it,
 or not.
 Why will these wise parents, by saying too much against the persons they
 dislike, put one upon defending them? Lovelace is not a spendthrift;
 owes not obligations to the world; though, I doubt not, profligate
 enough. Then, putting one upon doing such but common justice, we
 must needs be prepossessed, truly!--And so perhaps we are put upon
 curiosities first, that is to say, how such a one or his friends may
 think of one: and then, but too probably, comes in a distinguishing
 preference, or something that looks exceedingly like it.
 My mother charged me at last, to write that side over again.--But
 excuse me, my good Mamma! I would not have the character lost upon any
 consideration; since my vein ran freely into it: and I never wrote to
 please myself, but I pleased you. A very good reason why--we have but
 one mind between us--only, that sometimes you are a little too grave,
 methinks; I, no doubt, a little too flippant in your opinion.
 This difference in our tempers, however, is probably the reason that we
 love one another so well, that in the words of Norris, no third love can
 come in betwixt. Since each, in the other's eye, having something amiss,
 and each loving the other well enough to bear being told of it (and the
 rather perhaps as neither wishes to mend it); this takes off a good deal
 from that rivalry which might encourage a little (if not a great deal)
 of that latent spleen, which in time might rise into envy, and that into
 ill-will. So, my dear, if this be the case, let each keep her fault, and
 much good may do her with it: and what an hero or heroine must he or
 she be, who can conquer a constitutional fault? Let it be avarice, as in
 some I dare not name: let it be gravity, as in my best friend: or let it
 be flippancy, as in--I need not say whom.
 It is proper to acquaint you, that I was obliged to comply with my
