She proceeded to praise Mr. Lovelace's person, and his qualifications
 natural and acquired. But then she would judge as mothers will judge,
 and as daughters are very loth to judge: but could say nothing in answer
 to your offer of living single; and breaking with him--if--if--[three or
 four if's she made of one good one, if] that could be depended on.
 But still obedience without reserve, reason what I will, is the burden
 of my mother's song: and this, for my sake, as well as for yours.
 I must needs say, that I think duty to parents is a very meritorious
 excellence. But I bless God I have not your trials. We can all be good
 when we have no temptation nor provocation to the contrary: but few
 young persons (who can help themselves too as you can) would bear what
 you bear.
 I will now mention all that is upon my mind, in relation to the
 behaviour of your father and uncles, and the rest of them, because
 I would not offend you: but I have now a higher opinion of my own
 sagacity, than ever I had, in that I could never cordially love any one
 of your family but yourself. I am not born to like them. But it is my
 duty to be sincere to my friend: and this will excuse her Anna Howe to
 Miss Clarissa Harlowe.
 I ought indeed to have excepted your mother; a lady to be reverenced:
 and now to be pitied. What must have been her treatment, to be thus
 subjugated, as I may call it? Little did the good old viscount think,
 when he married his darling, his only daughter, to so well-appearing a
 gentleman, and to her own liking too, that she would have been so much
 kept down. Another would call your father a tyrant, if I must not: all
 the world that know him, do call him so; and if you love your mother,
 you should not be very angry at the world for taking that liberty.
 Yet, after all, I cannot help thinking, that she is the less to be
 pitied, as she may be said (be the gout, or what will, the occasion
 of his moroseness) to have long behaved unworthy of her birth and fine
