it is in my opinion, that Lovelace himself would hardly think me worth
 addressing, were he to know this would be my resolution. These men, my
 dear, with all their flatteries, look forward to the PERMANENT. Indeed,
 it is fit they should. For love must be a very foolish thing to look
 back upon, when it has brought persons born to affluence into indigence,
 and laid a generous mind under obligation and dependence.
 You very ingeniously account for the love we bear to one another, from
 the difference in our tempers. I own, I should not have thought of that.
 There may possibly be something in it: but whether there be or not,
 whenever I am cool, and give myself time to reflect, I will love you the
 better for the correction you give, be as severe as you will upon me.
 Spare me not, therefore, my dear friend, whenever you think me in the
 least faulty. I love your agreeable raillery: you know I always did:
 nor, however over-serious you think me, did I ever think you flippant,
 as you harshly call it. One of the first conditions of our mutual
 friendship was, each should say or write to the other whatever was upon
 her mind, without any offence to be taken: a condition, that is indeed
 indispensable in friendship.
 I knew your mother would be for implicit obedience in a child. I am
 sorry my case is so circumstanced, that I cannot comply. It would be
 my duty to do so, if I could. You are indeed very happy, that you have
 nothing but your own agreeable, yet whimsical, humours to contend with,
 in the choice she invites you to make of Mr. Hickman. How happy I should
 be, to be treated with so much lenity!--I should blush to have my mother
 say, that she begged and prayed me, and all in vain, to encourage a man
 so unexceptionable as Mr. Hickman.
 Indeed, my beloved Miss Howe, I am ashamed to have your mother say, with
 ME in her view, 'What strange effects have prepossession and love upon
 young creatures of our sex!' This touches me the more sensibly, because
 you yourself, my dear, are so ready to persuade me into it.
