MISS CLARISSA HARLOWE, TO MISS HOWE SATURDAY, MARCH 11.
 I have had such taunting messages, and such repeated avowals of ill
 offices, brought me from my brother and sister, if I do no comply with
 their wills, (delivered, too, with provoking sauciness by Betty Barnes,)
 that I have thought it proper, before I entered upon my intended address
 to my uncles, in pursuance of the hint given me in my mother's letter,
 to expostulate a little with them. But I have done it in such a manner,
 as will give you (if you please to take it as you have done some parts
 of my former letters) great advantage over me. In short, you will have
 more cause than ever, to declare me far gone in love, if my reasons for
 the change of my style in these letters, with regard to Mr. Lovelace, do
 not engage your more favourable opinion.--For I have thought proper to
 give them their own way: and, since they will have it, that I have a
 preferable regard for Mr. Lovelace, I give them cause rather to confirm
 their opinion than doubt it.
 These are my reasons in brief, for the alteration of my style.
 In the first place, they have grounded their principal argument for my
 compliance with their will, upon my acknowledgement that my heart is
 free; and so, supposing I give up no preferable person, my opposition
 has the look of downright obstinacy in their eyes; and they argue,
 that at worst, my aversion to Solmes is an aversion that may be easily
 surmounted, and ought to be surmounted in duty to my father, and for the
 promotion of family views.
 Next, although they build upon this argument in order to silence me,
 they seem not to believe me, but treat me as disgracefully, as if I
 were in love with one of my father's footmen: so that my conditional
 willingness to give up Mr. Lovelace has procured me no favour.
 In the next place, I cannot but think, that my brother's antipathy
 to Mr. Lovelace is far from being well grounded: the man's inordinate
 passion for the sex is the crime that is always rung in my ears: and a
