in the magnificence, the eternity of such scenes, to forget myself and
 my ephemeral, because human, sorrows.  My wanderings were directed
 towards the valley of Chamounix.  I had visited it frequently during my
 boyhood.  Six years had passed since then:  _I_ was a wreck, but nought
 had changed in those savage and enduring scenes.
 I performed the first part of my journey on horseback.  I afterwards
 hired a mule, as the more sure-footed and least liable to receive
 injury on these rugged roads.  The weather was fine; it was about the
 middle of the month of August, nearly two months after the death of
 Justine, that miserable epoch from which I dated all my woe.  The
 weight upon my spirit was sensibly lightened as I plunged yet deeper in
 the ravine of Arve.  The immense mountains and precipices that overhung
 me on every side, the sound of the river raging among the rocks, and
 the dashing of the waterfalls around spoke of a power mighty as
 Omnipotence--and I ceased to fear or to bend before any being less
 almighty than that which had created and ruled the elements, here
 displayed in their most terrific guise.  Still, as I ascended higher,
 the valley assumed a more magnificent and astonishing character.
 Ruined castles hanging on the precipices of piny mountains, the
 impetuous Arve, and cottages every here and there peeping forth from
 among the trees formed a scene of singular beauty.  But it was
 augmented and rendered sublime by the mighty Alps, whose white and
 shining pyramids and domes towered above all, as belonging to another
 earth, the habitations of another race of beings.
 I passed the bridge of Pelissier, where the ravine, which the river
 forms, opened before me, and I began to ascend the mountain that
 overhangs it.  Soon after, I entered the valley of Chamounix.  This
 valley is more wonderful and sublime, but not so beautiful and
 picturesque as that of Servox, through which I had just passed.  The
 high and snowy mountains were its immediate boundaries, but I saw no
