you to plague me with your quaint nonsense. I know not what wit in a
 woman is good for, but to make her overvalue herself, and despise every
 other person. Yours, Miss Pert, has set you above your duty, and above
 being taught or prescribed to, either by parents, or any body else. But
 go on, Miss: your mortification will be the greater; that's all, child.
 It shall, I assure you, if I can make it so, so long as you prefer that
 villainous Lovelace, (who is justly hated by all your family) to every
 body. We see by your letter now (what we too justly suspected before),
 most evidently we see, the hold he has got of your forward heart. But
 the stronger the hold, the greater must be the force (and you shall have
 enough of that) to tear such a miscreant from it. In me, notwithstanding
 your saucy lecturing, and your saucy reflections before, you are sure of
 a friend, as well as of a brother, if it be not your own fault. But if
 you will still think of such a wretch as that Lovelace, never expect
 either friend or brother in
 JA. HARLOWE.
 I will now give you a copy of my letter to my sister; with her answer.
 IN what, my dear Sister, have I offended you, that instead of
 endeavouring to soften my father's anger against me, (as I am sure I
 should have done for you, had my unhappy case been yours,) you should,
 in so hard-hearted a manner, join to aggravate not only his displeasure,
 but my mother's against me. Make but my case your own, my dear Bella;
 and suppose you were commanded to marry Mr. Lovelace, (to whom you
 are believed to have such an antipathy,) would you not think it a very
 grievous injunction?--Yet cannot your dislike to Mr. Lovelace be greater
 than mine is to Mr. Solmes. Nor are love and hatred voluntary passions.
 My brother may perhaps think it a proof of a manly spirit, to shew
 himself an utter stranger to the gentle passions. We have both heard him
 boast, that he never loved with distinction: and, having predominating
 passions, and checked in his first attempt, perhaps he never will. It
