defiance, as Shorey says he did, and as others, it seems, thought he
 did, as well as she? Did he come for my sake; and, by behaving in such
 a manner to those present of my family, imagine he was doing me either
 service or pleasure?--He knows how they hate him: nor will he take
 pains, would pains do, to obviate their hatred.
 You and I, my dear, have often taken notice of his pride; and you have
 rallied him upon it; and instead of exculpating himself, he has owned
 it: and by owning it he has thought he has done enough.
 For my own part, I thought pride in his case an improper subject for
 raillery.--People of birth and fortune to be proud, is so needless,
 so mean a vice!--If they deserve respect, they will have it, without
 requiring it. In other words, for persons to endeavour to gain respect
 by a haughty behaviour, is to give a proof that they mistrust their own
 merit: To make confession that they know that their actions will not
 attract it.--Distinction or quality may be prided in by those to whom
 distinction or quality is a new thing. And then the reflection and
 contempt which such bring upon themselves by it, is a counter-balance.
 Such added advantages, too, as this man has in his person and mien:
 learned also, as they say he is: Such a man to be haughty, to be
 imperious!--The lines of his own face at the same time condemning
 him--how wholly inexcusable!--Proud of what? Not of doing well: the only
 justifiable pride.--Proud of exterior advantages!--Must not one be led
 by such a stop-short pride, as I may call it, in him or her who has it,
 to mistrust the interior? Some people may indeed be afraid, that if
 they did not assume, they would be trampled upon. A very narrow fear,
 however, since they trample upon themselves, who can fear this. But this
 man must be secure that humility would be an ornament to him.
 He has talents indeed: but those talents and his personal advantages
 have been snares to him. It is plain they have. And this shews, that,
 weighed in an equal balance, he would be found greatly wanting.
