This man has by his proposals captivated every soul of the
 Harlowes--Soul! did I say--There is not a soul among them but my
 charmer's: and she, withstanding them all, is actually confined, and
 otherwise maltreated by a father the most gloomy and positive; at the
 instigation of a brother the most arrogant and selfish. But thou knowest
 their characters; and I will not therefore sully my paper with them.
 But is it not a confounded thing to be in love with one, who is the
 daughter, the sister, the niece, of a family, I must eternally despise?
 And, the devil of it, that love increasing with her--what shall I call
 it?--'Tis not scorn:--'Tis not pride:--'Tis not the insolence of an
 adored beauty:--But 'tis to virtue, it seems, that my difficulties are
 owin; and I pay for not being a sly sinner, an hypocrite; for being
 regardless of my reputation; for permittin slander to open its mouth
 against me. But is it necessary for such a one as I, who have been used
 to carry all before me, upon my own terms--I, who never inspired a fear,
 that had not a discernibly-predominant mixture of love in it, to be a
 hypocrite?--Well says the poet:
  He who seems virtuous does but act a part;
  And shews not his own nature, but his art.
 Well, but it seems I must practise for this art, if it would succeed
 with this truly-admirable creature; but why practise for it?--Cannot
 I indeed reform?--I have but one vice;--Have I, Jack?--Thou knowest my
 heart, if any man living does. As far as I know it myself, thou knowest
 it. But 'tis a cursed deceiver; for it has many a time imposed upon its
 master--Master, did I say? That I am not now; nor have I been from the
 moment I beheld this angel of a woman. Prepared indeed as I was by her
 character before I saw her: For what a mind must that be, which,
 though not virtuous itself, admires not virtue in another?--My visit
 to Arabella, owing to a mistake of the sister, into which, as thou hast
 heard me say, I was led by the blundering uncle; who was to introduce
