me (but lately come from abroad) to the divinity, as I thought; but,
 instead of her, carried me to a mere mortal. And much difficulty had I,
 so fond and forward my lady! to get off without forfeiting all with a
 family I intended should give me a goddess.
 I have boasted that I was once in love before:--and indeed I thought
 I was. It was in my early manhood--with that quality jilt, whose
 infidelity I have vowed to revenge upon as many of the sex as shall come
 into my power. I believe, in different climes, I have already
 sacrificed an hecatomb to my Nemesis, in pursuance of this vow. But upon
 recollecting what I was then, and comparing it with what I find myself
 now, I cannot say that I was ever in love before.
 What was it then, dost thou ask me, since the disappointment had such
 effects upon me, when I found myself jilted, that I was hardly kept in
 my senses?--Why, I'll grant thee what, as near as I can remember; for
 it was a great while ago:--It was--Egad, Jack, I can hardly tell what
 it was--but a vehement aspiration after a novelty, I think. Those
 confounded poets, with their terrenely-celestial descriptions, did as
 much with me as the lady: they fired my imagination, and set me upon
 a desire to become a goddess-maker. I must needs try my new-fledged
 pinions in sonnet, elogy, and madrigal. I must have a Cynthia, a Stella,
 a Sacharissa, as well as the best of them: darts and flames, and the
 devil knows what, must I give to my cupid. I must create beauty, and
 place it where nobody else could find it: and many a time have I been at
 a loss for a subject, when my new-created goddess has been kinder than
 it was proper for my plaintive sonnet that she should be.
 Then I found I had a vanity of another sort in my passion: I found
 myself well received among the women in general; and I thought it a
 pretty lady-like tyranny [I was then very young, and very vain!] to
 single out some one of the sex, to make half a score jealous. And I can
 tell thee, it had its effect: for many an eye have I made to sparkle
