heart. Then the rewarding end of all!--To carry off such a girl as this,
 in spite of all her watchful and implacable friends; and in spite of a
 prudence and reserve that I never met with in any of the sex;--what a
 triumph!--What a triumph over the whole sex!--And then such a revenge to
 gratify; which is only at present politically reined in, eventually to
 break forth with greater fury--Is it possible, thinkest thou, that there
 can be room for a thought that is not of her, and devoted to her?
 By the devices I have this moment received, I have reason to think, that
 I shall have occasion for thee here. Hold thyself in readiness to come
 down upon the first summons.
 Let Belton, and Mowbray, and Tourville, likewise prepare themselves. I
 have a great mind to contrive a method to send James Harlowe to travel
 for improvement. Never was there a booby 'squire that more wanted it.
 Contrive it, did I say? I have already contrived it; could I but put
 it in execution without being suspected to have a hand in it. This I am
 resolved upon; if I have not his sister, I will have him.
 But be this as it may, there is a present likelihood of room for
 glorious mischief. A confederacy had been for some time formed against
 me; but the uncles and the nephew are now to be double-servanted
 [single-servanted they were before]; and those servants are to be
 double armed when they attend their masters abroad. This indicates their
 resolute enmity to me, and as resolute favour to Solmes.
 The reinforced orders for this hostile apparatus are owing it seems to a
 visit I made yesterday to their church.--A good place I thought to begin
 a reconciliation in; supposing the heads of the family to be christians,
 and that they meant something by their prayers. My hopes were to have
 an invitation (or, at least, to gain a pretence) to accompany home the
 gloomy sire; and so get an opportunity to see my goddess: for I believed
 they durst not but be civil to me, at least. But they were filled with
 terror it seems at my entrance; a terror they could not get over. I saw
