Allow me, my honoured second Papa, as in my happy days you taught me
 to call you, to implore your interest with my Papa, to engage him to
 dispense with a command, which, if insisted upon, will deprive me of my
 free-will, and make me miserable for my whole life.
 For my whole life! let me repeat: Is that a small point, my dear Uncle,
 to give up? Am not I to live with the man? Is any body else? Shall I not
 therefore be allowed to judge for myself, whether I can, or cannot, live
 happily with him?
 Should it be ever so unhappily, will it be prudence to complain or
 appeal? If it were, to whom could I appeal with effect against a
 husband? And would not the invincible and avowed dislike I have for him
 at setting out, seem to justify any ill usage from him, in that state,
 were I to be ever so observant of him? And if I were to be at all
 observant of him, it must be from fear, not love.
 Once more, let me repeat, That this is not a small point to give up:
 and that it is for life. Why, I pray you, good Sir, should I be made
 miserable for life? Why should I be deprived of all comfort, but that
 which the hope that it would be a very short one, would afford me?
 Marriage is a very solemn engagement, enough to make a young creature's
 heart ache, with the best prospects, when she thinks seriously of
 it!--To be given up to a strange man; to be engrafted into a strange
 family; to give up her very name, as a mark of her becoming his absolute
 and dependent property; to be obliged to prefer this strange man to
 father, mother--to every body:--and his humours to all her own--or to
 contend, perhaps, in breach of avowed duty, for every innocent
 instance of free-will. To go no where; to make acquaintance; to give up
 acquaintance; to renounce even the strictest friendships, perhaps;
 all at his pleasure, whether she thinks it reasonable to do so or not.
 Surely, Sir, a young creature ought not to be obliged to make all these
 sacrifices but for such a man as she can love. If she be, how sad must
