be the case! How miserable the life, if it can be called life!
 I wish I could obey you all. What a pleasure would it be to me, if I
 could!--Marry first, and love will come after, was said by one of my
 dearest friends! But this is a shocking assertion. A thousand thing may
 happen to make that state but barely tolerable, where it is entered into
 with mutual affections: What must it then be, where the husband can have
 no confidence in the love of his wife: but has reason rather to question
 it, from the preference he himself believes she would have given to
 somebody else, had she had her own option? What doubts, what jealousies,
 what want of tenderness, what unfavourable prepossessions, will there
 be, in a matrimony thus circumstanced! How will every look, every
 action, even the most innocent, be liable to misconstruction!--While,
 on the other hand, an indifference, a carelessness to oblige, may take
 place; and fear only can constrain even an appearance of what ought to
 be the effect of undisguised love!
 Think seriously of these things, dear, good Sir, and represent them to
 my father in that strong light which the subject will bear; but in which
 my sex, and my tender years and inexperience, will not permit me to
 paint it; and use your powerful interest, that your poor niece may not
 be consigned to a misery so durable.
 I offered to engage not to marry at all, if that condition may be
 accepted. What a disgrace is it to me to be thus sequestered from
 company, thus banished my papa's and mamma's presence; thus slighted and
 deserted by you, Sir, and my other kind uncle! And to be hindered from
 attending at that public worship, which, were I out of the way of my
 duty, would be most likely to reduce me into the right path again!--Is
 this the way, Sir; can this be thought to be the way to be taken with
 a free and open spirit? May not this strange method rather harden than
 convince? I cannot bear to live in disgrace thus. The very servants so
 lately permitted to be under my own direction, hardly daring to speak to
