you told me, upon introducing him to me) among your select friends; and
 expecting my regards to him accordingly; I beg your patience, while
 I offer a few things, out of many that I could offer, to your serious
 consideration, on occasion of his address to me, if I am to use that
 word.
 I am charged with prepossession in another person's favour. You will be
 pleased, Sir, to remember, that till my brother returned from Scotland,
 that other person was not absolutely discouraged, nor was I forbid to
 receive his visits. I believe it will not be pretended, that in birth,
 education, or personal endowments, a comparison can be made between the
 two. And only let me ask you, Sir, if the one would have been thought of
 for me, had he not made such offers, as, upon my word, I think, I ought
 not in justice to accept of, nor he to propose: offers, which if he had
 not made, I dare say, my papa would not have required them of him.
 But the one, it seems, has many faults:--Is the other faultless?--The
 principal thing objected to Mr. Lovelace (and a very inexcusable one) is
 that he is immoral in his loves--Is not the other in his hatreds?--Nay,
 as I may say, in his loves too (the object only differing) if the love
 of money be the root of all evil.
 But, Sir, if I am prepossessed, what has Mr. Solmes to hope for?--Why
 should he persevere? What must I think of the man who would wish me to
 be his wife against my inclination?--And is it not a very harsh thing
 for my friends to desire to see me married to one I cannot love, when
 they will not be persuaded but that there is one whom I do love?
 Treated as I am, now is the time for me to speak out or never.--Let
 me review what it is Mr. Solmes depends upon on this occasion. Does he
 believe, that the disgrace which I supper on his account, will give
 him a merit with me? Does he think to win my esteem, through my uncles'
 sternness to me; by my brother's contemptuous usage; by my sister's
 unkindness; by being denied to visit, or be visited; and to correspond
