person, particularly this Mr. Solmes, I will enter into any engagements
 never to have the other, nor any man else, without their consents; that
 is to say, without the consents of my father and my mother, and of you
 my uncle, and my elder uncle, and my cousin Morden, as he is one of the
 trustees for my grandfather's bounty to me?--As to my brother indeed, I
 cannot say, that his treatment of me has been of late so brotherly,
 as to entitle him to more than civility from me: and for this, give me
 leave to add, he would be very much my debtor.
 If I have not been explicit enough in declaring my dislike to Mr. Solmes
 (that the prepossession which is charged upon me may not be supposed to
 influence me against him) I do absolutely declare, That were there no
 such man as Mr. Lovelace in the world, I would not have Mr. Solmes.
 It is necessary, in some one of my letters to my dear friends, that I
 should write so clearly as to put this matter out of all doubt: and to
 whom can I better address myself with an explicitness that can admit
 of no mistake, than to that uncle who professes the highest regard for
 plain-dealing and sincerity?
 Let me, for these reasons, be still more particular in some of my
 exceptions to him.
 Mr. Solmes appears to me (to all the world, indeed) to have a very
 narrow mind, and no great capacity: he is coarse and indelicate; as
 rough in his manners as in his person: he is not only narrow, but
 covetous: being possessed of great wealth, he enjoys it not; nor has the
 spirit to communicate to a distress of any kind. Does not his own sister
 live unhappily, for want of a little of his superfluities? And suffers
 not he his aged uncle, the brother of his own mother, to owe to
 the generosity of strangers the poor subsistence he picks up from
 half-a-dozen families?--You know, Sir, my open, free, communicative
 temper: how unhappy must I be, circumscribed in his narrow, selfish
 circle! out of which being with-held by this diabolical parsimony, he
