dare no more stir, than a conjurer out of his; nor would let me.
 Such a man, as this, love!--Yes, perhaps he may, my grandfather's
 estate; which he has told several persons (and could not resist hinting
 the same thing tome, with that sort of pleasure which a low mind takes,
 when it intimates its own interest as a sufficient motive for it to
 expect another's favour) lies so extremely convenient for him, that it
 would double the value of a considerable part of his own. That estate,
 and an alliance which would do credit to his obscurity and narrowness,
 they make him think he can love, and induce him to believe he does: but
 at most, he is but a second-place love. Riches were, are, and always
 will be, his predominant passion. His were left him by a miser, on this
 very account: and I must be obliged to forego all the choice delights
 of my life, and be as mean as he, or else be quite unhappy. Pardon, Sir,
 this severity of expression--one is apt to say more than one would of
 a person one dislikes, when more is said in his favour than he can
 possibly deserve; and when he is urged to my acceptance with so much
 vehemence, that there is no choice left me.
 Whether these things be perfectly so, or not, while I think they are,
 it is impossible I should ever look upon Mr. Solmes in the light he is
 offered to me. Nay, were he to be proved ten times better than I have
 represented him, and sincerely think him; yet would he be still ten
 times more disagreeable to me than any other man I know in the world.
 Let me therefore beseech you, Sir, to become an advocate for your niece,
 that she may not be made a victim to a man so highly disgustful to her.
 You and my other uncle can do a great deal for me, if you please, with
 my papa. Be persuaded, Sir, that I am not governed by obstinacy in this
 case; but by aversion; an aversion I cannot overcome: for, if I have but
 endeavoured to reason with myself, (out of regard to the duty I owe
 to my father's will,) my heart has recoiled, and I have been averse to
 myself, for offering but to argue with myself, in behalf of a man who,
