treat him the worse--That's the plain dunstable of the matter, Miss!--I
 am not such a fool but I can see that.--And so a noted whoremonger is
 to be chosen before a man who is a money-lover!--Let me tell you, Niece,
 this little becomes so nice a one as you have been always reckoned. Who,
 think you, does more injustice, a prodigal man or a saving man?--The one
 saves his own money; the other spends other people's. But your favourite
 is a sinner in grain, and upon record.
 The devil's in your sex! God forgive me for saying so--the nicest of
 them will prefer a vile rake and wh---- I suppose I must not repeat the
 word:--the word will offend, when the vicious denominated by that word
 will be chosen!--I had not been a bachelor to this time, if I had not
 seen such a mass of contradictions in you all.--Such gnat-strainers and
 camel-swallowers, as venerable Holy Writ has it.
 What names will perverseness call things by!--A prudent man, who intends
 to be just to every body, is a covetous man!--While a vile, profligate
 rake is christened with the appellation of a gallant man; and a polite
 man, I'll warrant you!
 It is my firm opinion, Lovelace would not have so much regard for you
 as he professes, but for two reasons. And what are these?--Why, out of
 spite to all of us--one of them. The other, because of your independent
 fortune. I wish your good grandfather had not left what he did so much
 in your own power, as I may say. But little did he imagine his beloved
 grand-daughter would have turned upon all her friends as she has done!
 What has Mr. Solmes to hope for, if you are prepossessed! Hey-day!
 Is this you, cousin Clary!--Has he then nothing to hope for from your
 father's, and mother's, and our recommendations?--No, nothing at all, it
 seems!--O brave!--I should think that this, with a dutiful child, as we
 took you to be, was enough. Depending on this your duty, we proceeded:
 and now there is no help for it: for we will not be balked: neither
 shall our friend Mr. Solmes, I can tell you that.
