judgments.--You say, you may be conceited, Cousin; you may be vain!--And
 so you are, to despise this gentleman as you do. He can read and write
 as well as most gentlemen, I can tell you that. Who told you Mr. Solmes
 cannot read and write? But you must have a husband who can learn
 you something!--I wish you knew but your duty as well as you do your
 talents--that, Niece, you have of late days to learn; and Mr. Solmes
 will therefore find something to instruct you in. I will not shew him
 this letter of yours, though you seem to desire it, lest it should
 provoke him to be too severe a schoolmaster, when you are his'n.
 But now I think of it, suppose you are the reader at your pen than
 he--You will make the more useful wife to him; won't you? For who so
 good an economist as you?--And you may keep all of his accounts,
 and save yourselves a steward.--And, let me tell you, this is a fine
 advantage in a family: for those stewards are often sad dogs, and creep
 into a man's estate before he knows where he is; and not seldom is he
 forced to pay them interest for his own money.
 I know not why a good wife should be above these things. It is better
 than lying a-bed half the day, and junketing and card-playing all the
 night, and making yourselves wholly useless to every good purpose in
 your own families, as is now the fashion among ye. The duce take you all
 that do so, say I!--Only that, thank my stars, I am a bachelor.
 Then this is a province you are admirably versed in: you grieve that
 it is taken from you here, you know. So here, Miss, with Mr. Solmes you
 will have something to keep account of, for the sake of you and your
 children: with the other, perhaps you will have an account to keep,
 too--but an account of what will go over the left shoulder; only of what
 he squanders, what he borrows, and what he owes, and never will pay.
 Come, come, Cousin, you know nothing of the world; a man's a man; and
 you may have many partners in a handsome man, and costly ones too, who
 may lavish away all you save. Mr. Solmes therefore for my money, and I
