we will tie him up to your own terms, and oblige him by the
 marriage-articles to allow you a very handsome quarterly sum to do what
 you please with. And this has been told you before; and I have said it
 to Mrs. Howe (that good and worthy lady) before her proud daughter, that
 you might hear of it again.
 To contradict the charge of prepossession to Lovelace, you offer never
 to have him without our consents: and what is this saying, but that you
 will hope on for our consents, and to wheedle and tire us out? Then he
 will always be in expectation while you are single: and we are to live
 on at this rate (are we?) vexed by you, and continually watchful about
 you; and as continually exposed to his insolence and threats. Remember
 last Sunday, Girl!--What might have happened, had your brother and he
 met?--Moreover, you cannot do with such a spirit as his, as you can with
 worthy Mr. Solmes: the one you make tremble; the other will make
 you quake: mind that--and you will not be able to help yourself. And
 remember, that if there should be any misunderstanding between one of
 them and you, we should all interpose; and with effect, no doubt: but
 with the other, it would be self-do, self-have; and who would either
 care or dare to put in a word for you? Nor let the supposition of
 matrimonial differences frighten you: honey-moon lasts not now-a-days
 above a fortnight; and Dunmow flitch, as I have been informed, was never
 claimed; though some say once it was. Marriage is a queer state, Child,
 whether paired by the parties or by their friends. Out of three brothers
 of us, you know, there was but one had courage to marry. And why was it,
 do you think? We were wise by other people's experience.
 Don't despise money so much: you may come to know the value of it: that
 is a piece of instruction that you are to learn; and which, according to
 your own notions, Mr. Solmes will be able to teach you.
 I do indeed condemn your warmth. I will not allow for disgraces you
 bring upon yourself. If I thought them unmerited, I would be your
