advocate. But it was always my notion, that children should not dispute
 their parents' authority. When your grandfather left his estate to you,
 though his three sons, and a grandson, and your elder sister, were in
 being, we all acquiesced: and why? Because it was our father's doing. Do
 you imitate that example: if you will not, those who set it you have the
 more reason to hold you inexcusable: mind that, Cousin.
 You mention your brother too scornfully: and, in your letter to him, are
 very disrespectful; and so indeed you are to your sister, in the letter
 you wrote to her. Your brother, Madam, is your brother; and third older
 than yourself, and a man: and pray be so good as not to forget what is
 due to a brother, who (next to us three brothers) is the head of the
 family, and on whom the name depends--as upon your dutiful compliance
 laid down for the honour of the family you are come of. And pray now let
 me ask you, If the honour of that will not be an honour to you?--If you
 don't think so, the more unworthy you. You shall see the plan, if you
 promise not to be prejudiced against it right or wrong. If you are not
 besotted to that man, I am sure you will like it. If you are, were Mr.
 Solmes an angel, it would signify nothing: for the devil is love, and
 love is the devil, when it gets into any of your heads. Many examples
 have I seen of that.
 If there were no such man as Lovelace in the world, you would not have
 Mr. Solmes.--You would not, Miss!--Very pretty, truly!--We see how your
 spirit is embittered indeed.--Wonder not, since it is come to your will
 not's, that those who have authority over you, say, You shall have the
 other. And I am one: mind that. And if it behoves YOU to speak out,
 Miss, it behoves US not to speak in. What's sauce for the goose is sauce
 for the gander: take that in your thought too.
 I humbly apprehend, that Mr. Solmes has the spirit of a man, and a
 gentleman. I would admonish you therefore not to provoke it. He pities
 you as much as he loves you. He says, he will convince you of his love
