Thus distressed, and made unhappy, and all to your sake, and through
 your cruel perseverance, I write, Sir, to demand of you the peace of
 mind you have robbed me of: to demand of you the love of so many dear
 friends, of which you have deprived me; and, if you have the generosity
 that should distinguish a man, and a gentleman, to adjure you not to
 continue an address that has been attended with such cruel effects to
 the creature you profess to esteem.
 If you really value me, as my friends would make me believe, and as you
 have declared you do, must it not be a mean and selfish value? A value
 that can have no merit with the unhappy object of it, because it is
 attended with effects so grievous to her? It must be for your own sake
 only, not for mine. And even in this point you must be mistaken: For,
 would a prudent man wish to marry one who has not a heart to give? Who
 cannot esteem him? Who therefore must prove a bad wife!--And how cruel
 would it be to make a poor creature a bad wife, whose pride it would be
 to make a good one!
 If I am capable of judging, our tempers and inclinations are vastly
 different. Any other of my sex will make you happier than I can. The
 treatment I meet with, and the obstinacy, as it is called, with which I
 support myself under it, ought to convince you of this; were I not able
 to give so good a reason for this my supposed perverseness, as that I
 cannot consent to marry a man whom I cannot value.
 But if, Sir, you have not so much generosity in your value for me, as
 to desist for my own sake, let me conjure you, by the regard due to
 yourself, and to your own future happiness, to discontinue your suit,
 and place your affections on a worthier object: for why should you make
 me miserable, and yourself not happy? By this means you will do all that
 is now in your power to restore to me the affection of my friends; and,
 if that can be, it will leave me in as happy a state as you found me
 in. You need only to say, that you see there are no HOPES, as you will
