Solmes, to persuade him to give up his pretensions to you!--Of all the
 pretty romantic flights you have delighted in, this was certainly one
 of the most extraordinary. But to say nothing of what fires us all with
 indignation against you (your owning your prepossession in a villain's
 favour, and your impertinence to me, and your sister, and your uncles;
 one of which has given it you home, child), how can you lay at Mr.
 Solmes's door the usage you so bitterly complain of?--You know, little
 fool as you are, that it is your fondness for Lovelace that has brought
 upon you all these things; and which would have happened, whether Mr.
 Solmes had honoured you with his addresses or not.
 As you must needs know this to be true, consider, pretty witty Miss, if
 your fond, love-sick heart can let you consider, what a fine figure all
 your expostulations with us, and charges upon Mr. Solmes, make!--With
 what propriety do you demand of him to restore to you your former
 happiness (as you call it, and merely call it; for if you thought our
 favour so, you would restore it to yourself), since it is yet in your
 own power to do so? Therefore, Miss Pert, none of your pathetics, except
 in the right place. Depend upon it, whether you have Mr. Solmes, or not,
 you shall never have your heart's delight, the vile rake Lovelace, if
 our parents, if our uncles, if I, can hinder it. No! you fallen angel,
 you shall not give your father and mother such a son, nor me such a
 brother, in giving yourself that profligate wretch for a husband. And so
 set your heart at rest, and lay aside all thoughts of him, if ever you
 expect forgiveness, reconciliation, or a kind opinion, from any of your
 family; but especially from him, who, at present, styles himself
 Your brother, JAMES HARLOWE.
 P.S. I know your knack at letter-writing. If you send me an answer
 for this, I will return it unopened; for I will not argue with your
 perverseness in so plain a case--Only once for all, I was willing to put
 you right as to Mr. Solmes; whom I think to blame to trouble his head
