filled a wicker chair in a chimney-corner, has besought me to be
 merciful to her.
 This is the right way with me. Many and many a pretty rogue had I
 spared, whom I did not spare, had my power been acknowledged, and my
 mercy in time implored. But the debellare superbos should be my motto,
 were I to have a new one.
 This simple chit (for there is a simplicity in her thou wouldst be
 highly pleased with: all humble; all officious; all innocent--I love her
 for her humility, her officiousness, and even for her innocence) will be
 pretty amusement to thee; while I combat with the weather, and dodge and
 creep about the walls and purlieus of Harlowe-place. Thou wilt see in
 her mind, all that her superiors have been taught to conceal, in order
 to render themselves less natural, and of consequence less pleasing.
 But I charge thee, that thou do not (what I would not permit myself to
 do for the world--I charge thee, that thou do not) crop my Rose-bud. She
 is the only flower of fragrance, that has blown in this vicinage for ten
 years past, or will for ten years to come: for I have looked backward
 to the have-been's, and forward to the will-be's; having but too much
 leisure upon my hands in my present waiting.
 I never was so honest for so long together since my matriculation. It
 behoves me so to be--some way or other, my recess at this little inn may
 be found out; and it will then be thought that my Rose-bud has attracted
 me. A report in my favour, from simplicities so amiable, may establish
 me; for the grandmother's relation to my Rose-bud may be sworn to: and
 the father is an honest, poor man; has no joy, but in his Rose-bud.--O
 Jack! spare thou, therefore, (for I shall leave thee often alone with
 her, spare thou) my Rose-bud!--Let the rule I never departed from, but
 it cost me a long regret, be observed to my Rose-bud!--never to ruin a
 poor girl, whose simplicity and innocence were all she had to trust to;
 and whose fortunes were too low to save her from the rude contempts of
