worse minds than her own, and from an indigence extreme: such a one will
 only pine in secret; and at last, perhaps, in order to refuge herself
 from slanderous tongues and virulence, be induced to tempt some
 guilty stream, or seek her end in the knee-encircling garter, that
 peradventure, was the first attempt of abandoned love.--No defiances
 will my Rose-bud breathe; no self-dependent, thee-doubting watchfulness
 (indirectly challenging thy inventive machinations to do their worst)
 will she assume. Unsuspicious of her danger, the lamb's throat will
 hardly shun thy knife!--O be not thou the butcher of my lambkin!
 The less thou be so, for the reason I am going to give thee--The gentle
 heart is touched by love: her soft bosom heaves with a passion she
 has not yet found a name for. I once caught her eye following a young
 carpenter, a widow neighbour's son, living [to speak in her dialect] at
 the little white house over the way. A gentle youth he also seems to be,
 about three years older than herself: playmates from infancy, till
 his eighteenth and her fifteenth year furnished a reason for a greater
 distance in shew, while their hearts gave a better for their being
 nearer than ever--for I soon perceived the love reciprocal. A scrape and
 a bow at first seeing his pretty mistress; turning often to salute her
 following eye; and, when a winding lane was to deprive him of her sight,
 his whole body turned round, his hat more reverently doffed than before.
 This answered (for, unseen, I was behind her) by a low courtesy, and
 a sigh, that Johnny was too far off to hear!--Happy whelp! said I to
 myself.--I withdrew; and in tript my Rose-bud, as if satisfied with the
 dumb shew, and wishing nothing beyond it.
 I have examined the little heart. She has made me her confidant. She
 owns, she could love Johnny Barton very well: and Johnny Barton has told
 her, he could love her better than any maiden he ever saw--but, alas!
 it must not be thought of. Why not be thought of!--She don't know!--And
 then she sighed: But Johnny has an aunt, who will give him an hundred
