pounds, when his time is out; and her father cannot give her but a few
 things, or so, to set her out with: and though Johnny's mother says, she
 knows not where Johnny would have a prettier, or notabler wife, yet--And
 then she sighed again--What signifies talking?--I would not have Johnny
 be unhappy and poor for me!--For what good would that do me, you know,
 Sir!
 What would I give [by my soul, my angel will indeed reform me, if her
 friends' implacable folly ruin us not both!--What would I give] to have
 so innocent and so good a heart, as either my Rose-bud's, or Johnny's!
 I have a confounded mischievous one--by nature too, I think!--A good
 motion now-and-then rises from it: but it dies away presently--a love
 of intrigue--an invention for mischief--a triumph in subduing--fortune
 encouraging and supporting--and a constitution--What signifies
 palliating? But I believe I had been a rogue, had I been a plough-boy.
 But the devil's in this sex! Eternal misguiders. Who, that has once
 trespassed with them, ever recovered his virtue? And yet where there is
 not virtue, which nevertheless we freelivers are continually plotting
 to destroy, what is there even in the ultimate of our wishes with
 them?--Preparation and expectation are in a manner every thing:
 reflection indeed may be something, if the mind be hardened above
 feeling the guilt of a past trespass: but the fruition, what is there in
 that? And yet that being the end, nature will not be satisfied without
 See what grave reflections an innocent subject will produce! It gives
 me some pleasure to think, that it is not out of my power to reform:
 but then, Jack, I am afraid I must keep better company than I do at
 present--for we certainly harden one another. But be not cast down, my
 boy; there will be time enough to give the whole fraternity warning to
 choose another leader: and I fancy thou wilt be the man.
 Mean time, as I make it my rule, whenever I have committed a very
 capital enormity, to do some good by way of atonement; and as I believe
