choaked up, as I may say!--We have heard, that the man's head is better
 than his heart: But do you really think Mr. Lovelace can have a very bad
 heart? Why should not there be something in blood in the human
 creature, as well as in the ignobler animals? None of his family are
 exceptionable--but himself, indeed. The characters of the ladies are
 admirable. But I shall incur the imputation I wish to avoid. Yet what a
 look of censoriousness does it carry in an unsparing friend, to take one
 to task for doing that justice, and making those which one ought without
 scruple to do, and to make, in the behalf of any other man living?
 He then again pressed me to receive a letter of offered protection from
 Lady Betty. He said, that people of birth stood a little too much upon
 punctilio; as people of value also did (but indeed birth, worthily lived
 up to, was virtue: virtue, birth; the inducements to a decent punctilio
 the same; the origin of both one): [how came this notion from him!]
 else, Lady Betty would write to me: but she would be willing to be first
 apprized that her offer will be well received--as it would have the
 appearance of being made against the liking of one part of my family;
 and which nothing would induce her to make, but the degree of unworthy
 persecution which I actually laboured under, and had reason further to
 apprehend.
 I told him, that, however greatly I thought myself obliged to Lady Betty
 Lawrance, if this offer came from herself; yet it was easy to see to
 what it led. It might look like vanity in me perhaps to say, that this
 urgency in him, on this occasion, wore the face of art, in order to
 engage me into measures from which I might not easily extricate myself.
 I said, that I should not be affected by the splendour of even a royal
 title. Goodness, I thought, was greatness. That the excellent characters
 of the ladies of his family weighed more with me, than the consideration
 that they were half-sisters to Lord M. and daughters of an earl: that
 he would not have found encouragement from me, had my friends been
