Betty's protection, that I should be his, if, afterwards, I should see
 any thing objectionable in his conduct.
 But what would the world conclude would be the end, I demanded, were I,
 in the last resort, as he proposed, to throw myself into the protection
 of his friends, but that it was with such a view?
 And what less did the world think of me now, he asked, than that I was
 confined that I might not? You are to consider, Madam, you have not now
 an option; and to whom is it owing that you have not; and that you
 are in the power of those (parents, why should I call them?) who are
 determined, that you shall not have an option. All I propose is, that
 you will embrace such a protection--but not till you have tried every
 way, to avoid the necessity for it.
 And give me leave to say, proceeded he, that if a correspondence, on
 which I have founded all my hopes, is, at this critical conjuncture, to
 be broken off; and if you are resolved not to be provided against the
 worst; it must be plain to me, that you will at last yield to that
 worst--worst to me only--it cannot be to you--and then! [and he put his
 hand clenched to his forehead] How shall I bear this supposition?--Then
 will you be that Solmes's!--But, by all that's sacred, neither he, nor
 your brother, nor your uncles, shall enjoy their triumph--Perdition
 seize my soul, if they shall!
 The man's vehemence frightened me: yet, in resentment, I would have
 left him; but, throwing himself at my feet again, Leave me not thus--I
 beseech you, dearest Madam, leave me not thus, in despair! I kneel not,
 repenting of what I have vowed in such a case as that I have supposed.
 I re-vow it, at your feet!--and so he did. But think not it is by way
 of menace, or to intimidate you to favour me. If your heart inclines
 you [and then he arose] to obey your father (your brother rather) and to
 have Solmes; although I shall avenge myself on those who have insulted
 me, for their insults to myself and family, yet will I tear out my heart
