life is by far the most eligible to me: indeed it is. And I hope yet to
 be permitted to make that option.
 I got back without observation; but the apprehension that I should
 not, gave me great uneasiness; and made me begin a letter in a greater
 flutter than he gave me cause to be in, except at the first seeing him;
 for then indeed my spirits failed me; and it was a particular felicity,
 that, in such a place, in such a fright, and alone with him, I fainted
 not away.
 I should add, that having reproached him with his behaviour the last
 Sunday at church, he solemnly assured me, that it was not what had been
 represented to me: that he did not expect to see me there: but hoped to
 have an opportunity to address himself to my father, and to be permitted
 to attend him home. But that the good Dr. Lewen had persuaded him not
 to attempt speaking to any of the family, at that time; observing to him
 the emotions into which his presence had put every body. He intended
 no pride, or haughtiness of behaviour, he assured me; and that the
 attributing such to him was the effect of that ill-will which he had
 the mortification to find insuperable: adding, that when he bowed to my
 mother, it was a compliment he intended generally to every one in the
 pew, as well as to her, whom he sincerely venerated.
 If he may be believed, (and I should think he would not have come
 purposely to defy my family, yet expect favour from me,) one may see,
 my dear, the force of hatred, which misrepresents all things. Yet why
 should Shorey (except officiously to please her principals) make a
 report in his disfavour? He told me, that he would appeal to Dr. Lewen
 for his justification on this head; adding, that the whole conversation
 between the Doctor and him turned upon his desire to attempt to
 reconcile himself to us all, in the face of the church; and upon
 the Doctor's endeavouring to dissuade him from making such a public
 overture, till he knew how it would be accepted. But to what purpose
