satisfy my love and my friendship. Surely, you are not afraid to trust
 yourself with a secret of this nature: if you are, then you may the more
 allowably doubt me. But, I dare say, you will not own either--nor is
 there, I hope, cause for either.
 Be pleased to observe one thing, my dear, that whenever I have given
 myself any of those airs of raillery, which have seemed to make you look
 about you, (when, likewise, your case may call for a more serious turn
 from a sympathizing friend,) it has not been upon those passages which
 are written, though, perhaps not intended, with such explicitness [don't
 be alarmed, my dear!] as leaves little cause of doubt: but only when you
 affect reserve; when you give new words for common things; when you
 come with your curiosities, with your conditional likings, and with your
 PRUDE-encies [mind how I spell the word] in a case that with every other
 person defies all prudence--over-acts of treason all these, against the
 sovereign friendship we have avowed to each other.
 Remember, that you found me out in a moment. You challenged me. I owned
 directly, that there was only my pride between the man and me; for I
 could not endure, I told you, to think of any fellow living to give me a
 moment's uneasiness. And then my man, as I have elsewhere said, was not
 such a one as yours: so I had reason to impute full as much as to my own
 inconsideration, as to his power over me: nay, more: but still more
 to yours. For you reasoned me out of the curiosity first; and when the
 liking was brought to be conditional--why then, you know, I throbbed no
 more about him.
 O! pray now, as you say, now I have mentioned that my fellow was not
 such a charming fellow as yours, let Miss Biddulph, Miss Lloyd, Miss
 Campion, and me, have your opinion, how far figure ought to engage us:
 with a view to your own case, however--mind that--as Mr. Tony says--and
 whether at all, if the man be vain of it; since, as you observe in a
 former, that vanity is a stop-short pride in such a one, that would make
