But lives the man, think you, who is so very bad, that he does not give
 even a doubting mind reason at one time to be better pleased with him
 than at another? And when that reason offers, is it not just to express
 one's self accordingly? I would do the man who addresses me as much
 justice, as if he did not address me: it has such a look of tyranny, it
 appears so ungenerous, methinks, in our sex, to use a man worse for his
 respect to us, (no other cause for disrespect occurring,) that I would
 not by any means be that person who should do so.
 But, although I may intend no more than justice, it will perhaps be
 difficult to hinder those who know the man's views, from construing it
 as a partial favour: and especially if the eager-eyed observer has been
 formerly touched herself, and would triumph that her friend had been no
 more able to escape than she. Noble minds, emulative of perfection, (and
 yet the passion properly directed, I do not take to be an imperfection
 neither,) may be allowed a little generous envy, I think.
 If I meant by this a reflection, by way of revenge, it is but a revenge,
 my dear, in the soft sense of the word. I love, as I have told you, your
 pleasantry. Although at the time your reproof may pain me a little; yet,
 on recollection, when I find it more of the cautioning friend than
 of the satirizing observer, I shall be all gratitude upon it. All the
 business will be this; I shall be sensible of the pain in the present
 letter perhaps; but I shall thank you in the next, and ever after.
 In this way, I hope, my dear, you will account for a little of
 that sensibility which you find above, and perhaps still more, as I
 proceed.--You frequently remind me, by an excellent example, your own to
 me, that I must not spare you!
 I am not conscious, that I have written any thing of this man, that has
 not been more in his dispraise than in his favour. Such is the man, that
 I think I must have been faulty, and ought to take myself to account,
 if I had not. But you think otherwise, I will not put you upon labouring
