right method with so generous a spirit. But remember, that there would
 not be any merit in your compliance, if it were not to be against
 your own liking. Remember also, what is expected from a character
 so extraordinary as yours: remember, it is in your power to unite or
 disunite your whole family for ever. Although it should at present be
 disagreeable to you to be thus compelled, your prudence, I dare say,
 when you consider the matter seriously, will enable you to get over
 all prejudices against the one, and all prepossessions in favour of the
 other: and then the obligation you will lay all your family under,
 will be not only meritorious in you, with regard to them, but in a few
 months, very probably, highly satisfactory, as well as reputable, to
 yourself.
 Consider, my dear Mrs. Norton, said I, only consider, that it is not a
 small thing that is insisted upon; not for a short duration; it is for
 my life: consider too, that all this is owing to an overbearing brother,
 who governs every body. Consider how desirous I am to oblige them, if
 a single life, and breaking all correspondence with the man they hate,
 because my brother hates him, will do it.
 I consider every thing, my dearest Miss: and, added to what I have said,
 do you only consider, that if, by pursuing your own will, and rejecting
 theirs, you should be unhappy, you will be deprived of all that
 consolation which those have, who have been directed by their parents,
 although the event prove not answerable to their wishes.
 I must go, repeated she: your brother will say [and she wept] that I
 harden you by my whining nonsense. 'Tis indeed hard, that so much
 regard should be paid to the humours of one child, and so little to
 the inclination of another. But let me repeat, that it is your duty to
 acquiesce, if you can acquiesce: your father has given your brother's
 schemes his sanction, and they are now his. Mr. Lovelace, I doubt,
 is not a man that will justify your choice so much as he will their
