dislike. It is easy to see that your brother has a view in discrediting
 you with all your friends, with your uncles in particular: but for that
 very reason, you should comply, if possible, in order to disconcert his
 ungenerous measures. I will pray for you; and that is all I can do for
 you. I must now go down, and make a report, that you are resolved never
 to have Mr. Solmes--Must I?--Consider, my dear Miss Clary--Must I?
 Indeed you must!--But of this I do assure you, that I will do nothing to
 disgrace the part you have had in my education. I will bear every thing
 that shall be short of forcing my hand into his who never can have any
 share in my heart. I will try by patient duty, by humility, to overcome
 them. But death will I choose, in any shape, rather than that man.
 I dread to go down, said she, with so determined an answer: they will
 have no patience with me.--But let me leave you with one observation,
 which I beg of you always to bear in mind:--
 'That persons of prudence, and distinguished talents, like yours, seem
 to be sprinkled through the world, to give credit, by their example, to
 religion and virtue. When such persons wilfully err, how great must
 be the fault! How ungrateful to that God, who blessed them with such
 talents! What a loss likewise to the world! What a wound to virtue!--But
 this, I hope, will never be to be said of Miss Clarissa Harlowe!'
 I could give her no answer, but by my tears. And I thought, when she
 went away, the better half of my heart went with her.
 I listened to hear what reception she would meet with below; and found
 it was just such a one as she had apprehended.
 Will she, or will she not, be Mrs. Solmes? None of your whining
 circumlocutions, Mrs. Norton!--[You may guess who said this] Will she,
 or will she not, comply with her parents' will?
 This cut short all she was going to say.
 If I must speak so briefly, Miss will sooner die, than have--
 Any body but Lovelace! interrupted my brother.--This, Madam, this, Sir,
