my poor aunt Hervey had, in confidence, given us to apprehend much
 disagreeable evil (especially to a wife of the least delicacy) from a
 wine-lover: and common sense instructed us, that sobriety in a man is
 no small point to be secured, when so many mischiefs happen daily from
 excess. I remember, that my sister made the most of this favourable
 circumstance in his character while she had any hopes of him.
 He was never thought to be a niggard; not even ungenerous: nor when
 his conduct came to be inquired into, an extravagant, a squanderer: his
 pride [so far was it a laudable pride] secured him from that. Then he
 was ever ready to own his errors. He was no jester upon sacred things:
 poor Mr. Wyerley's fault; who seemed to think there was wit in saying
 bold things, which would shock a serious mind. His conversation with us
 was always unexceptionable, even chastely so; which, be his actions what
 they would, shewed him capable of being influenced by decent company;
 and that he might probably therefore be a led man, rather than a leader,
 in other company. And one late instance, so late as last Saturday
 evening, has raised him not a little in my opinion, with regard to this
 point of good (and at the same time, of manly) behaviour.
 As to the advantage of birth, that is of his side, above any man who has
 been found out for me. If we may judge by that expression of his,
 which you were pleased with at the time; 'That upon true quality, and
 hereditary distinction, if good sense were not wanting, humour sat as
 easy as his glove;' that, with as familiar an air, was his familiar
 expression; 'while none but the prosperous upstart, MUSHROOMED into
 rank, (another of his peculiars,) was arrogantly proud of it.'--If, I
 say, we may judge of him by this, we shall conclude in his favour, that
 he knows what sort of behaviour is to be expected from persons of birth,
 whether he act up to it or not. Conviction is half way to amendment.
 His fortunes in possession are handsome; in expectation, splendid: so
 nothing need be said on that subject.
