other sex, and particularly as to this man; whence you will be able to
 collect how far my friends are in the right, or in the wrong, when
 they attribute a good deal of prejudice in favour of one man, and in
 disfavour of the other, on the score of figure. But, first, let me
 observe, that they see abundant reason, on comparing Mr. Lovelace and
 Mr. Solmes together, to believe that this may be a consideration with
 me; and therefore they believe it is.
 There is certainly something very plausible and attractive, as well
 as creditable to a woman's choice, in figure. It gives a favourable
 impression at first sight, in which we wish to be confirmed: and if,
 upon further acquaintance, we find reason to be so, we are pleased with
 our judgment, and like the person the better, for having given us cause
 to compliment our own sagacity, in our first-sighted impressions. But,
 nevertheless, it has been generally a rule with me, to suspect a fine
 figure, both in man and woman; and I have had a good deal of reason
 to approve my rule;--with regard to men especially, who ought to value
 themselves rather upon their intellectual than personal qualities.
 For, as to our sex, if a fine woman should be led by the opinion of the
 world, to be vain and conceited upon her form and features; and that to
 such a degree, as to have neglected the more material and more durable
 recommendations, the world will be ready to excuse her; since a pretty
 fool, in all she says, and in all she does, will please, we know not
 why.
 But who would grudge this pretty fool her short day! Since, with her
 summer's sun, when her butterfly flutters are over, and the winter
 of age and furrows arrives, she will feel the just effects of having
 neglected to cultivate her better faculties: for then, lie another
 Helen, she will be unable to bear the reflection even of her own glass,
 and being sunk into the insignificance of a mere old woman, she will
 be entitled to the contempts which follow that character. While the
