discreet matron, who carries up [we will not, in such a one's case,
 say down] into advanced life, the ever-amiable character of virtuous
 prudence and useful experience, finds solid veneration take place of
 airy admiration, and more than supply the want of it.
 But for a man to be vain of his person, how effeminate! If such a
 one happens to have genius, it seldom strikes deep into intellectual
 subjects. His outside usually runs away with him. To adorn, and perhaps,
 intending to adorn, to render ridiculous that person, takes up all his
 attention. All he does is personal; that is to say, for himself: all he
 admires, is himself: and in spite of the correction of the stage, which
 so often and so justly exposes a coxcomb, he usually dwindles down, and
 sinks into that character; and, of consequence, becomes the scorn of one
 sex, and the jest of the other.
 This is generally the case of your fine figures of men, and of those who
 value themselves on dress and outward appearance: whence it is, that I
 repeat, that mere person in a man is a despicable consideration. But
 if a man, besides figure, has learning, and such talents as would have
 distinguished him, whatever were his form, then indeed person is an
 addition: and if he has not run too egregiously into self-admiration,
 and if he has preserved his morals, he is truly a valuable being.
 Mr. Lovelace has certainly taste; and, as far as I am able to determine,
 he has judgment in most of the politer arts. But although he has a
 humourous way of carrying it off, yet one may see that he values himself
 not a little, both on his person and his parts, and even upon his dress;
 and yet he has so happy an ease in the latter, that it seems to be the
 least part of his study. And as to the former, I should hold myself
 inexcusable, if I were to add to his vanity by shewing the least regard
 for what is too evidently so much his.
 And now, my dear, let me ask you, Have I come up to your expectation? If
 I have not, when my mind is more at ease, I will endeavour to please
