against the spirit of a man you think worse of than it deserves, will
 have no weight; but you will be more independent than a wife of less
 discretion than we attribute to you, perhaps ought to be. You know full
 well, that I, who first and last brought a still larger fortune into the
 family than you will carry to Mr. Solmes, had not a provision made me
 of near this that we have made for you.--Where people marry to their
 liking, terms are the least things stood upon--yet should I be sorry if
 you cannot (to oblige us all) overcome a dislike.
 Wonder not, Clary, that I write to you thus plainly and freely upon
 this subject. Your behaviour hitherto has been such, that we have had no
 opportunity of entering minutely into the subject with you. Yet, after
 all that has passed between you and me in conversation, and between you
 and your uncles by letter, you have no room to doubt what is to be the
 consequence.--Either, child, we must give up our authority, or you your
 humour. You cannot expect the one. We have all the reason in the world
 to expect the other. You know I have told you more than once, that
 you must resolve to have Mr. Solmes, or never to be looked upon as our
 child.
 The draught of the settlement you may see whenever you will. We think
 there can be no room for objection to any of the articles. There is
 still more in them in our family's favour, than was stipulated at first,
 when your aunt talked of them to you. More so, indeed, than we
 could have asked. If, upon perusal of them, you think any alteration
 necessary, it shall be made.--Do, my dear girl, send to me within this
 day or two, or rather ask me, for the perusal of them.
 As a certain person's appearance at church so lately, and what he gives
 out every where, makes us extremely uneasy, and as that uneasiness will
 continue while you are single, you must not wonder that a short day
 is intended. This day fortnight we design it to be, if you have no
 objection to make that I shall approve of. But if you determine as we
