upon me, I think!--No intention on their parts to conciliate! It seems
 evident that I am given up to my brother and her, by general consent.
 I will do justice to every thing she said against me, which carried any
 force with it. As I ask for your approbation or disapprobation of my
 conduct, upon the facts I lay before you, I should think it the sign of
 a very bad cause, if I endeavoured to mislead my judge.
 She began with representing to me the danger I had been in, had my
 father come up, as he would have done had he not been hindered--by
 Mr. Solmes, among the rest. She reflected upon my Norton, as if she
 encouraged me in my perverseness. She ridiculed me for my supposed
 esteem for Mr. Lovelace--was surprised that the witty, the prudent, nay,
 the dutiful and pi--ous [so she sneeringly pronounced the word] Clarissa
 Harlowe, should be so strangely fond of a profligate man, that her
 parents were forced to lock her up, in order to hinder her from running
 into his arms. 'Let me ask you, my dear, said she, how you now keep
 your account of the disposition of your time? How many hours in the
 twenty-four do you devote to your needle? How many to your prayers?
 How many to letter-writing? And how many to love?--I doubt, I doubt, my
 little dear, was her arch expression, the latter article is like Aaron's
 rod, and swallows up the rest!--Tell me; is it not so?'
 To these I answered, That it was a double mortification to me to owe
 my safety from the effects of my father's indignation to a man I could
 never thank for any thing. I vindicated the good Mrs. Norton with a
 warmth that was due to her merit. With equal warmth I resented her
 reflections upon me on Mr. Lovelace's account. As to the disposition of
 my time in the twenty-four hours, I told her it would better have become
 her to pity a sister in distress, than to exult over her--especially,
 when I could too justly attribute to the disposition of some of her
 wakeful hours no small part of that distress.
 She raved extremely at this last hint: but reminded me of the gentle
