treatment of all my friends, my mother's in particular, before it
 came to this. She said, that I had discovered a spirit they never had
 expected: that, if they had thought me such a championess, they would
 hardly have ventured to engage with me: but that now, the short and the
 long of it was, that the matter had gone too far to be given up: that it
 was become a contention between duty and willfulness; whether a parent's
 authority were to yield to a daughter's obstinacy, or the contrary: that
 I must therefore bend or break, that was all, child.
 I told her, that I wished the subject were of such a nature, that I
 could return her pleasantry with equal lightness of heart: but that, if
 Mr. Solmes had such merit in every body's eyes, in hers, particularly,
 why might he not be a brother to me, rather than a husband?
 O child, says she, methinks you are as pleasant to the full as I am:
 I begin to have some hopes of you now. But do you think I will rob my
 sister of her humble servant? Had he first addressed himself to me,
 proceeded she, something might have been said: but to take my younger
 sister's refusal! No, no, child; it is not come to that neither!
 Besides, that would be to leave the door open in your heart for you know
 who, child; and we would fain bar him out, if possible. In short [and
 then she changed both her tone and her looks] had I been as forward
 as somebody, to throw myself into the arms of one of the greatest
 profligates in England, who had endeavoured to support his claim to me
 through the blood of my brother, then might all my family join together
 to save me from such a wretch, and to marry me as fast as they could,
 to some worthy man, who might opportunely offer himself. And now, Clary,
 all's out, and make the most of it.
 Did not this deserve a severe return? Do, say it did, to justify my
 reply.--Alas! for my poor sister! said I--The man was not always so
 great a profligate. How true is the observation, That unrequited love
 turns to deepest hate!
