I am afraid I shall not be thought worthy--
 Just as I began to fear I should not be thought worthy of an answer,
 Betty rapped at my door, and said, if I were not in bed, she had a
 letter for me. I had but just done writing the above dialogue, and stept
 to the door with the pen in my hand--Always writing, Miss! said the
 bold wench: it is admirable how you can get away what you write--but the
 fairies, they say, are always at hand to help lovers.--She retired in
 so much haste, that, had I been disposed, I could not take the notice of
 this insolence which it deserved.
 I enclose my brother's letter. He was resolved to let me see, that I
 should have nothing to expect from his kindness. But surely he will
 not be permitted to carry every point. The assembling of my friends
 to-morrow is a good sign: and I will hope something from that, and from
 proposals so reasonable. And now I will try if any repose will fall to
 my lot for the remainder of this night.
 TO MISS CLARY HARLOWE [ENCLOSED IN THE PRECEDING.]
 Your proposals will be considered by your father and mother, and
 all your friends, to-morrow morning. What trouble does your shameful
 forwardness give us all! I wonder you have the courage to write to me,
 upon whom you are so continually emptying your whole female quiver. I
 have no patience with you, for reflecting upon me as the aggressor in a
 quarrel which owed its beginning to my consideration for you.
 You have made such confessions in a villain's favour, as ought to cause
 all your relations to renounce you for ever. For my part, I will
 not believe any woman in the world, who promises against her avowed
 inclination. To put it out of your power to ruin yourself is the only
 way left to prevent your ruin. I did not intend to write; but your
 too-kind sister has prevailed upon me. As to your going to Scotland,
 that day of grace is over.--Nor would I advise, that you should go to
 grandfather-up your cousin Morden. Besides, that worthy gentleman might
