near a fire, over which he was preparing his breakfast.  He turned on
 hearing a noise, and perceiving me, shrieked loudly, and quitting the
 hut, ran across the fields with a speed of which his debilitated form
 hardly appeared capable.  His appearance, different from any I had ever
 before seen, and his flight somewhat surprised me.  But I was enchanted
 by the appearance of the hut; here the snow and rain could not
 penetrate; the ground was dry; and it presented to me then as exquisite
 and divine a retreat as Pandemonium appeared to the demons of hell
 after their sufferings in the lake of fire.  I greedily devoured the
 remnants of the shepherd's breakfast, which consisted of bread, cheese,
 milk, and wine; the latter, however, I did not like.  Then, overcome by
 fatigue, I lay down among some straw and fell asleep.
 "It was noon when I awoke, and allured by the warmth of the sun, which
 shone brightly on the white ground, I determined to recommence my
 travels; and, depositing the remains of the peasant's breakfast in a
 wallet I found, I proceeded across the fields for several hours, until
 at sunset I arrived at a village.  How miraculous did this appear!  The
 huts, the neater cottages, and stately houses engaged my admiration by
 turns.  The vegetables in the gardens, the milk and cheese that I saw
 placed at the windows of some of the cottages, allured my appetite. One
 of the best of these I entered, but I had hardly placed my foot within
 the door before the children shrieked, and one of the women fainted.
 The whole village was roused; some fled, some attacked me, until,
 grievously bruised by stones and many other kinds of missile weapons, I
 escaped to the open country and fearfully took refuge in a low hovel,
 quite bare, and making a wretched appearance after the palaces I had
 beheld in the village.  This hovel however, joined a cottage of a neat
 and pleasant appearance, but after my late dearly bought experience, I
 dared not enter it.  My place of refuge was constructed of wood, but so
 low that I could with difficulty sit upright in it.  No wood, however,
