My sister left my aunt musing at the window, with her back towards us,
 and took that opportunity to insult me still more barbarously; for,
 stepping to my closet, she took up the patterns which my mother had sent
 me up, and bringing them to me, she spread them upon the chair by me;
 and offering one, and then another, upon her sleeve and shoulder, thus
 she ran on, with great seeming tranquility, but whisperingly, that my
 aunt might not hear her. This, Clary, is a pretty pattern enough: but
 this is quite charming! I would advise you to make your appearance in
 it. And this, were I you, should be my wedding night-gown--And this
 my second dressed suit! Won't you give orders, love, to have your
 grandmother's jewels new set?--Or will you thing to shew away in the new
 ones Mr. Solmes intends to present to you? He talks of laying out two
 or three thousand pounds in presents, child! Dear heart!--How gorgeously
 will you be array'd! What! silent still?--But, Clary, won't you have a
 velvet suit? It would cut a great figure in a country church, you know:
 and the weather may bear it for a month yet to come. Crimson velvet,
 suppose! Such a fine complexion as yours, how it would be set off by it!
 What an agreeable blush would it give you!--Heigh-ho! (mocking me, for I
 sighed to be thus fooled with,) and do you sigh, love?--Well then, as it
 will be a solemn wedding, what think you of black velvet, child?--Silent
 still, Clary?--Black velvet, so fair as you are, with those charming
 eyes, gleaming through a wintry cloud, like an April sun!--Does not
 Lovelace tell you they are charming eyes?--How lovely will you appear to
 every one!--What! silent still, love?--But about your laces, Clary?--
 She would have gone on still further, had not my aunt advance towards
 me, wiping her eyes--What! whispering ladies! You seem so easy and so
 pleased, Miss Harlowe, with your private conference, that I hope I shall
 carry down good news.
 I am only giving her my opinion of her patterns, here.--Unasked indeed;
 but she seems, by her silence, to approve of my judgment.
