reason to do so, both from eldership and from the offence so studiously
 given to one in affliction. But may you be happy, though I never shall!
 May you never have half the trials I have had! Be this your comfort,
 that you cannot have a sister to treat you as you have treated me!--And
 so God bless you!
 O thou art a--And down she flung without saying what.
 Permit me, Madam, said I to my aunt, sinking down, and clasping her
 knees with my arms, to detain you one moment--not to say any thing about
 my poor sister--she is her own punisher--only to thank you for all
 your condescending goodness to me. I only beg of you not to impute to
 obstinacy the immovableness I have shown to so tender a friend; and to
 forgive me every thing I have said or done amiss in your presence, for
 it has not proceeded from inward rancour to the poor Bella. But I will
 be bold to say, that neither she, nor my brother, nor even my father
 himself, knows what a heart they have set a bleeding.
 I saw, to my comfort, what effect my sister's absence wrought for
 me.--Rise, my noble-minded Niece!--Charming creature! [those were her
 kind words] kneel not to me!--Keep to yourself what I now say to you.--I
 admire you more than I can express--and if you can forbear claiming your
 estate, and can resolve to avoid Lovelace, you will continue to be the
 greatest miracle I ever knew at your years--but I must hasten down after
 your sister.--These are my last words to you: 'Conform to your father's
 will, if you possibly can. How meritorious will it be in you if you do
 so! Pray to God to enable you to conform. You don't know what may be
 done.'
 Only, my dear Aunt, one word, one word more (for she was going)--Speak
 all you can for my dear Mrs. Norton. She is but low in the world: should
 ill health overtake her, she may not know how to live without my mamma's
 favour. I shall have no means to help her; for I will want necessaries
 before I will assert my right: and I do assure you, she has said so many
