lion-hearted? That those of the sex, who are most conscious of their
 own defect in point of courage, naturally require, and therefore as
 naturally prefer, the man who has most of it, as the most able to give
 them the requisite protection? That the greater their own cowardice, as
 it would be called in a man, the greater is their delight in subjects
 of heroism? As may be observed in their reading; which turns upon
 difficulties encountered, battles fought, and enemies overcome, four or
 five hundred by the prowess of one single hero, the more improbable the
 better: in short, that their man should be a hero to every one living
 but themselves; and to them know no bound to his humility. A woman has
 some glory in subduing a heart no man living can appall; and hence too
 often the bravo, assuming the hero, and making himself pass for one,
 succeeds as only a hero should.
 But as for honest Hickman, the good man is so generally meek, as I
 imagine, that I know not whether I have any preference paid me in his
 obsequiousness. And then, when I rate him, he seems to be so naturally
 fitted for rebuke, and so much expects it, that I know not how to
 disappoint him, whether he just then deserve it, or not. I am sure, he
 has puzzled me many a time when I have seen him look penitent for faults
 he has not committed, whether to pity or laugh at him.
 You and I have often retrospected the faces and minds of grown people;
 that is to say, have formed images for their present appearances,
 outside and in, (as far as the manners of the persons would justify us
 in the latter) what sort of figures they made when boys and girls. And
 I'll tell you the lights in which HICKMAN, SOLMES, and LOVELACE, our
 three heroes, have appeared to me, supposing them boys at school.
 Solmes I have imagined to be a little sordid, pilfering rogue, who would
 purloin from every body, and beg every body's bread and butter from him;
 while, as I have heard a reptile brag, he would in a winter-morning spit
 upon his thumbs, and spread his own with it, that he might keep it all
