girl was young and of gentle demeanour, unlike what I have since found
 cottagers and farmhouse servants to be.  Yet she was meanly dressed, a
 coarse blue petticoat and a linen jacket being her only garb; her fair
 hair was plaited but not adorned:  she looked patient yet sad.  I lost
 sight of her, and in about a quarter of an hour she returned bearing
 the pail, which was now partly filled with milk.  As she walked along,
 seemingly incommoded by the burden, a young man met her, whose
 countenance expressed a deeper despondence.  Uttering a few sounds with
 an air of melancholy, he took the pail from her head and bore it to the
 cottage himself.  She followed, and they disappeared.  Presently I saw
 the young man again, with some tools in his hand, cross the field
 behind the cottage; and the girl was also busied, sometimes in the
 house and sometimes in the yard.
 "On examining my dwelling, I found that one of the windows of the
 cottage had formerly occupied a part of it, but the panes had been
 filled up with wood. In one of these was a small and almost
 imperceptible chink through which the eye could just penetrate.
 Through this crevice a small room was visible, whitewashed and clean
 but very bare of furniture. In one corner, near a small fire, sat an
 old man, leaning his head on his hands in a disconsolate attitude. The
 young girl was occupied in arranging the cottage; but presently she
 took something out of a drawer, which employed her hands, and she sat
 down beside the old man, who, taking up an instrument, began to play
 and to produce sounds sweeter than the voice of the thrush or the
 nightingale. It was a lovely sight, even to me, poor wretch who had
 never beheld aught beautiful before. The silver hair and benevolent
 countenance of the aged cottager won my reverence, while the gentle
 manners of the girl enticed my love. He played a sweet mournful air
 which I perceived drew tears from the eyes of his amiable companion, of
 which the old man took no notice, until she sobbed audibly; he then
