designed for the gown, who owned that he was apt to be too easily put
 out of countenance when he came into free company, 'That it was a bad
 sign; that it looked as if his morals were not proof; but that his good
 disposition seemed rather the effect of accident and education, than
 of such a choice as was founded upon principle?' And don't you know
 the lesson the very same young lady gave him, 'To endeavour to stem and
 discountenance vice, and to glory in being an advocate in all companies
 for virtue;' particularly observing, 'That it was natural for a man to
 shun or to give up what he was ashamed of?' Which she should be sorry
 to think his case on this occasion: adding, 'That vice was a coward, and
 would hide its head, when opposed by such a virtue as had presence of
 mind, and a full persuasion of its own rectitude to support it.' The
 lady, you may remember, modestly put her doctrine into the mouth of a
 worthy preacher, Dr. Lewen, as she used to do, when she has a mind not
 to be thought what she is at so early an age; and that it may give more
 weight to any thing she hit upon, that might appear tolerable, was her
 modest manner of speech.
 Mr. Hickman, upon the whole, professed to me, upon his second recovery,
 that he had no reason to think well of Mr. Lovelace's morals, from what
 he heard of him in town; yet his two intimates talked of his being more
 regular than he used to be. That he had made a very good resolution,
 that of old Tom Wharton, was the expression, That he would never give
 a challenge, nor refuse one; which they praised in him highly: that, in
 short, he was a very brave fellow, and the most agreeable companion in
 the world: and would one day make a great figure in his country; since
 there was nothing he was not capable of--
 I am afraid that his last assertion is too true. And this, my dear, is
 all that Mr. Hickman could pick up about him: And is it not enough to
 determine such a mind as yours, if not already determined?
 Yet it must be said too, that if there be a woman in the world that can
