undeserved abuses, you should be one of the youngest, as you would be
 one of the loveliest widows in England. And that he would moreover call
 your brother to account for the liberties he takes with his character to
 every one he meets with.
 He proposed several schemes, for you to choose some one of them, in
 order to enable you to avoid the persecutions you labour under: One
 I will mention--That you will resume your estate; and if you find
 difficulties that can be no otherwise surmounted, that you will, either
 avowedly or privately, as he had proposed to you, accept of Lady Betty
 Lawrance's or Lord M.'s assistance to instate you in it. He declared,
 that if you did, he would leave absolutely to your own pleasure
 afterwards, and to the advice which your cousin Morden on his arrival
 should give you, whether to encourage his address, or not, as you should
 be convinced of the sincerity of the reformation which his enemies make
 him so much want.
 I had now a good opportunity to sound him, as you wished Mr. Hickman
 would Lord M. as to the continued or diminished favour of the ladies,
 and of his Lordship, towards you, upon their being acquainted with the
 animosity of your relations to them, as well as to their kinsman. I laid
 hold of the opportunity, and he satisfied me, by reading some passages
 of a letter he had about him, from Lord M. That an alliance with
 you, and that on the foot of your own single merit, would be the most
 desirable event to them that could happen: and so far to the purpose of
 your wished inquiry does his Lordship go in this letter, that he assures
 him, that whatever you suffer in fortune from the violence of your
 relations on his account, he and Lady Sarah and Lady Betty will join to
 make it up to him. And yet that the reputation of a family so splendid,
 would, no doubt, in a case of such importance to the honour of both,
 make them prefer a general consent.
 I told him, as you yourself I knew had done, that you were extremely
