it is resolved, that you shall go to your uncle Antony's: and you must
 accordingly prepare yourself to do so. You will have but short notice of
 the day, for obvious reasons.
 I will honestly tell you the motive for your going: it is a double one;
 first, That they may be sure, that you shall not correspond with any
 body they do not like (for they find from Mrs. Howe, that, by some means
 or other, you do correspond with her daughter; and, through her, perhaps
 with somebody else): and next, That you may receive the visits of Mr.
 Solmes; which you have thought fit to refuse to do here; by which means
 you have deprived yourself of the opportunity of knowing whom and what
 you have hitherto refused.
 If after one fortnight's conversation with Mr. Solmes, and after
 you have heard what your friends shall further urge in his behalf,
 unhardened by clandestine correspondencies, you shall convince them,
 that Virgil's amor omnibus idem (for the application of which I refer
 you to the Georgic as translated by Dryden) is verified in you, as well
 as in the rest of the animal creation; and that you cannot, or will
 not forego your prepossession in favour of the moral, the virtuous,
 the pious Lovelace, [I would please you if I could!] it will then be
 considered, whether to humour you, or to renounce you for ever.
 It is hoped, that as you must go, you will go cheerfully. Your uncle
 Antony will make ever thing at his house agreeable to you. But indeed he
 won't promise, that he will not, at proper times, draw up the bridge.
 Your visiters, besides Mr. Solmes, will be myself, if you permit me that
 honour, Miss Clary; your sister; and, as you behave to Mr. Solmes, your
 aunt Hervey, and your uncle Harlowe; and yet the two latter will
 hardly come neither, if they think it will be to hear your whining
 vocatives.--Betty Barnes will be your attendant: and I must needs tell
 you, Miss, that we none of us think the worse of the faithful maid for
 your dislike of her: although Betty, who would be glad to oblige you,
