there, and the little mercy my brother and sister, who are to be there,
 have hitherto shewn me, are what I am extremely apprehensive of. And why
 does my brother say, my restraint is to be taken off, (and that too
 at Mr. Solmes's desire,) when I am to be a still closer prisoner than
 before; the bridge threatened to be drawn up; and no dear papa and mamma
 near me, to appeal to, in the last resort?
 Transfer not, I beseech you, to a brother and sister your own authority
 over your child--to a brother and sister, who treat me with unkindness
 and reproach; and, as I have too much reason to apprehend, misrepresent
 my words and behaviour; or, greatly favoured as I used to be, it is
 impossible I should be sunk so low in your opinions, as I unhappily am!
 Let but this my hard, my disgraceful confinement be put an end to.
 Permit me, my dear Mamma, to pursue my needleworks in your presence,
 as one of your maidens; and you shall be witness, that it is not either
 wilfulness or prepossession that governs me. Let me not, however, be put
 out of your own house. Let Mr. Solmes come and go, as my papa pleases:
 let me but stay or retire when he comes, as I can; and leave the rest to
 Providence.
 Forgive me, Brother, that thus, with an appearance of art, I address
 myself to my father and mother, to whom I am forbidden to approach,
 or to write. Hard it is to be reduced to such a contrivance! Forgive
 likewise the plain dealing I have used in the above, with the nobleness
 of a gentleman, and the gentleness due from a brother to a sister.
 Although of late you have given me but little room to hope either for
 your favour or compassion; yet, having not deserved to forfeit either, I
 presume to claim both: for I am confident it is at present much in your
 power, although but my brother (my honoured parents both, I bless God,
 in being), to give peace to the greatly disturbed mind of
 Your unhappy sister, CL. HARLOWE.
 Betty tells me, my brother has taken my letter all in pieces; and has
