come; and till I am satisfied of his reformation;--How know you, I say,
 that he gives not himself these airs purely to stand better in your
 graces as well as mine, by offering of his own accord conditions which
 he must needs think would be insisted on, were the case to happen?
 Then am I utterly displeased with him. To threaten as he threatens; yet
 to pretend, that it is not to intimidate me; and to beg of you not to
 tell me, when he must know you would, and no doubt intended that you
 should, is so meanly artful!--The man must think he has a frightened
 fool to deal with.--I, to join hands with such a man of violence! my
 own brother the man whom he threatens!--And what has Mr. Solmes done to
 him?--Is he to be blamed, if he thinks a person would make a wife worth
 having, to endeavour to obtain her?--Oh that my friends would but
 leave me to my own way in this one point! For have I given the man
 encouragement sufficient to ground these threats upon? Were Mr. Solmes a
 man to whom I could but be indifferent, it might be found, that to have
 spirit, would very little answer the views of that spirit. It is my
 fortune to be treated as a fool by my brother: but Mr. Lovelace shall
 find--Yet I will let him know my mind; and then it will come with a
 better grace to your knowledge.
 Mean time, give me leave to tell you, that it goes against me, in my
 cooler moments, unnatural as my brother is to me, to have you, my dear,
 who are my other self, write such very severe reflections upon him, in
 relation to the advantage Lovelace had over him. He is not indeed your
 brother: but remember, that you write to his sister.--Upon my word, my
 dear Miss Howe, you dip your pen in gall whenever you are offended: and
 I am almost ready to question, whether I read some of your expressions
 against others of my relations as well as him, (although in my favour,)
 whether you are so thoroughly warranted to call other people to account
 for their warmth. Should we not be particularly careful to keep clear
 of the faults we censure?--And yet I am so angry both at my brother and
